The leader of Aarhus is Jacob Bundsgaard.
Aarhus Airport's runway length is 2702.0.
Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level.
Adirondack Regional airport is located at Harrietstown, New York.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is found in San Sebastián de los Reyes.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport runway name is 14L/32R.
14R/32L is the name of the runway for Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport.
The operating organization for Afonso Pena International Airport is Infraero.
Agra Airport is in Agra.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base is 84 metres above sea level.
The Alderney Airport serves Alderney.
18R/36L is the runway name at Allama Iqbal International airport.
The runway length of Alpena County Regional Airport is 1,533.
Alpena Country Regional Airport runway name is 1/19/.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam.
Andrews County, Texas is country seat to Andrews, Texas.
Andrews Country Airport's city is served by Andrews, Texas.
Andrews Country Airport runway name is 11/29.
The name of the runway at Andrews County Airport is Helipad.
Angola International Airport city served is Luanda.
The Ardmore Airport, New Zealand is in Auckland.
Athens mayor is Giorgos Kaminis.
Athens International Airport is in Spata.
Belgium language is German language.
Philippe of Belgium is the leader of Belgium.
The capital of Denmark is Copenhagen.
Denmark's leader name is Lars Løkke Rasmussen.
The Flemish region is led by the Flemish government.
Greek is the language spoken in Greece.
The leader of Greece is Nikos Voutsis.
Harrietstown, New York is part of the United States.
The leader of Pakistan is Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
Paracuellos de Jarama is part of the community of Madrid.
Port Authority of New York and New Jersey headquarter is Four World Trade Center.
San Sebastián de los Reyes is in Spain.
Saranac Lake, New York is part of the United States.
South Jersey Transportation Authority chief is Stephen Dilts.
Aaron Bertram started performing in 1998.
Aaron Deer collaborates with The Horns of Happiness.
Aaron Turner falls in the genre of avant-garde metal music.
Aaron Turner performs black metal music.
Aaron Turner originates from Boston.
Abradab is associated with Magik (rapper).
Abradab has a background as a solo singer.
Ace Wilder was born on July 23, 1982.
Ace Wilder is signed to the record label EMI Records.
Agustin Barboza is signed to Philips Records.
Alan Frew plays with Glass Tiger.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata Mississippi.
Aleksandra Kovac is associated with Kornelije Kovac.
Aleksandra Kovac is a solo singer.
Aleksandra Kovač's genre is soul music.
Alfred Garth Jones died in London.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is musically associated with Hilario Perez.
The musical genre of Alfredo Zitarrosa is Milonga.
Movieplay is the record label of Alfredo Zitarrosa.
Alison O'Donnell started performing in 1963.
Allen Forrest plays pop music.
Anders Osborne was signed to the record label 'Alligator Records'.
Anders Osborne is signed to Shanachie Records.
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musician Jwaydan Moyine.
The birth place of Andrew Rayel is Chisinau, Moldova.
The musician Andrew White's genre is alternative rock.
Asunción is a part of Gran Asunción.
Deram Records is based in London.
Afrobeat is a fusion of funk music.
Hip hop music has the sub genre Gangsta rap.
Jazz originated its style from Blues music.
Legacy Recordings is the distributing company for RCA Records.
The musical genre of the band Twilight is black metal.
People from the United Kingdom are called British people.
The United States Navy awarded the Distinguished Service Medal to Alan Shepard.
Alan Shepard died in California.
William Anders was the backup pilot on Apollo 11.
The Apollo 14 was operated by NASA.
The Apollo 8 operator is NASA.
Buzz Aldrin's nationality is United States.
Elliot See was a test pilot.
The university of texas at Austin is affiliated to the university of texas system.
The University of Texas at Austin's mascot is called Hook'em.
The Chairman of A C Milan is Silvio Berlusconi.
Aaron Boogaard's birthplace is Canada.
Abel Hernandez is in the Uruguay Olympic football team.
Abel Hernandez's club is the Uruguay National football team.
The footballer, Abner belongs to the club, C.D. FAS.
Adam Maher was born in Ait Ikkou, Morocco.
Adam Maher's birthplace is Diemen.
Adam McQuaid was born in Charlottetown.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad's birthplace is Iraq.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad played for the club PAS Tehran F.C.
Akeem Ayers plays as a linebacker.
Akeem Priestley plays for FK Mughan.
Akeem Priestley played for the Jacksonville Dolphins youth team.
Al-Khor Sports Club is in the Qatar Stars League.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Baghdad.
Alan Martin played football for Accrington Stanley F.C.
Footballer, Alan Martin, plays for the club, Crewe Alexandra F.C.
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Finland.
Aleksander Barkov Jr has played for the Florida Panthers.
Aleksander Barkov Jr played in the National Hockey League.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Samtredia.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba.
Alex Plante is 1.9304m tall.
The leader of Brandon, Manitoba is Drew Caldwell.
Budapest is a city in Hungary.
Inuktitut is a language spoken in Canada.
The Columbus Blue Jackets' city is Columbus, Ohio.
FC Terek Grozny's ground is based at Grozny.
The league FC Tom Tomsk plays in is the Russian Football National League.
Valery Petrakov is the manager of FC Torpedo Moscow.
The general manager of Florida Panthers is Dale Tallon.
Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C.'s coach is Zan Tabak.
Olympique Lyonnais play their home games at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais.
Peñarol's manager is Jorge Orosmán da Silva.
Point Fortin is in Trinidad.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect, John Madin.
103 Colmore Row is located at Colmore Row.
11 Diagonal Street was completed in 1983.
The 200 Public Square was completed in 1985.
The building at 20 Fenchurch Street was started in January 2009.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom.
There are 60 floors at 300 North LaSalle.
HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena.
The 3Arena is located at East Link Bridge.
Adare Manor's building start was in 1700.
Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland.
The Akita Museum of Art was inaugurated on 28th September 2013.
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall.
The architecct B V Doshi designed Amdavad Ni Gufa.
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was added to the National Register of Historic Places on "1988-11-22".
The Asser Levy Public Baths was built in 1904.
Birmingham has the postcode area 'B'.
Chicago is part of DuPage County in Illinois.
Dublin is in the Republic of Ireland.
Dublin is part of Leinster.
Sumitra Mahajan is an Indian leader.
One of the ethnic groups in Japan in the Brazilians.
The leader of Japan is Tarō Asō.
Bill Marriott is the key person at Marriott International.
Ireland official language is Irish English.
Cape Town is the capital of South Africa.
The capital of the United Kingdom is London.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Paul Ryan is the leader of the United States.
(29075) 1950 DA was discovered by Carl A Wirtanen.
(410777) 2009 FD has an apoapsis of 259776702.47055 kilometres.
66063 1998 RO1 has an epoch date of 4 November 2013.
(66391) 1999 KW4 has a peripsis of 29919600000.0.
101 Helena has a mass of 3.0 kgs.
101 Helena has an orbital period of 1516.6700000000003 days.
1036 Ganymed has an average speed of 16.86 km per sec.
1036 Ganymed has a temperature of 160.0 kelvins.
107 Camilla was discovered by F. Vilas.
107 Camilla was discovered by N.R. Pogson.
1089 Tama has an escape velocity of 0.0068 kilometres per second.
The rotation period of 1097 Vicia is 95040.0.
1099 Figneria has an escape velocity of 0.0155 kilometres per second.
1099 Figneria has a mass of 2.7 kilograms.
109 Felicitas has a periapsis of 283326000000.0.
109 Felicitas has a temperature of 170 kelvins.
10 Hygiea has an orbital period of 5.57 days.
The periapsis of 1101 Clematis is 445895000000.0.
110 Lydia has an epoch date of December 31st 2006.
110 Lydia has a periapsis measurement of 377016000000.0.
N. R. Pogson was English.
The area code of Abilene, in Texas, is 325.
Abilene is a part of Texas.
Albany, Georgia has a Mayor as leader.
Albany, Oregon has a total area of 45.97 square kilometres.
Albany, Oregon is in the U.S.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is led by the State Senate.
The Albuquerque City Council has a leadership role in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Amarillo is in Texas, in the United States.
Amarillo is part of Potter County in Texas.
Amarillo is in Texas, in the United States.
Anaheim, in California, has the area code 657.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland, Union.
Angola is in Pleasant Township which is part of Steuben County, in Indiana.
A City Administrator leads Ann Arbor, Michigan.
Mayor, is the title of the leader in Ann Arbor, Michigan.
The city of Ann Arbor, Michigan, has a population of 1580.7 as per square kilometre.
Antioch, CA is 13 above sea level.
The leader title of Antioch, California, is California's 11th State Assembly district.
Arlington Texas is has an elevation of 184 above sea level.
Atlantic County, New Jersey is located in the United States.
Attica is part of Fountain County Indiana.
Auburn is part of Alabama.
California is in the United States.
Atlanta is the largest city of Fulton County, Georgia.
The state of Georgia is in the U.S.
Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana.
Lee County is in Alabama.
Trenton is the capital of New Jersey.
Potter County is in Texas.
Tarrant County, Texas is situated in the United States.
Ann Arbor is the largest city in Washtenaw County, Michigan.
Asterix was created by Rene Goscinny.
The comic character Auron was created by Marv Wolfman.
The comic character, Balder, was created by Jack Kirby.
Bananaman is broadcast by STV.
Bananaman first aired on 3rd October 1983.
Bill Oddie stars in Bananaman.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6.
Bill Everett has won the Eisner Award.
Bill Oddie's daughter is Kate Hardie.
Dan Mishkin is one of the creators of the comic character, Bolt.
Bozo the Iron Man’s full name is Hugh Hazzard.
John Buscema has won the comic book award, Eagle Award.
Marv Wolfman is a recipient of the Eagle Award.
The alternative name for Ajoblanco is "Ajo blanco".
The main ingredients in ajoblanco are bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil.
Arem-arem is found nationwide in Indonesia, but is more specific to Java.
Arem arem comes from Indonesia.
Arrabbiata sauce is made with tomatoes, red chili, garlic and olive oil.
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arros negre.
Squid is an ingredient of Arros negre.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia.
The genus of the avocado is persea.
Ayam penyet should be served hot.
Baked Alaska is a dessert.
An ingredient of bakewell tart is frangipane.
The dish Bakso contains noodles.
Vermicelli is an ingredient in Bakso.
Chorizo is an ingredient in the dish Bandeja paisa.
Mondelez International is the creator of Barny cakes.
Barny Cakes can be chocolate flavoured.
Barny cakes contain 1.8 g of protein.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines.
Chicken is an ingredient in Batchoy.
Vegetable are used in the preparation of Batchoy.
Binignit is a dish from the region of Visayas.
Patrick McLoughlin is a leader in the Derbyshire Dales.
A variation on dessert is cake.
Ice cream is a type of dessert.
Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia.
Italians are from Italy.
Baduy is the ethnic group of Java.
Lemon is under the order of Rosids.
Mexico is inhabited by Mexicans.
In Mexico, the spoken language is Spanish.
One of the languages used in the Philippines is Arabic.
Shumai is a variation of the dish Siomay.
Dodge Coronet is the alternative name for the 1955 Dodge.
The 1955 Dodge engine is 230 cubic inches.
The location of AIDA Cruises is Rostock.
AIDAluna service was started on the 22nd of March, 2009.
The AIDAluna is a Sphinx class cruise ship.
The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft.
The AIDAstella was christened on the 16th of March, 2013.
The AIDAstella ship was put in service on March 17, 2013.
The ALCO RS-3 has a four-stroke engine.
The ALV X-1 was manufactured by Alliant Techsystems.
The AMC Matador is related to the AMC Ambassador.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé's final year of production was 1958.
The engine size of the Acura TLX is 3.5 litres.
The Acura TLX has a Honda K engine.
The transmission of the Acura TLX is a 9-speed ZF 9HP automatic (V6).
The Alfa Romeo 164 is an executive class car.
The Alfa Romeo 164 and the Fiat Croma are similar means of transport.
The Alhambra had its maiden voyage on the 7th of July 1855.
The Alhambra ship beam is 8.3m.
The Alhambra had a top speed of 18.52 km/h.
The Antares rocket's final flight was on the 28th October 2014.
The Ariane 5 had its first voyage August 11, 2005.
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space.
The Atlas II originated from the U.S.
Atlas II had its final flight on March 16th 1998.
Audi e-tron is a division of Audi.
The Audi A1 is assembled by Audi Brussels.
Caterpillar Inc was founded in California.
The key person of Caterpillar Inc. is Douglas R. Oberhelman.
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois.
The Delta II was launched at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
One of the languages in Finland is Sami.
The leader of Germany is Stanislaw Tillich.
The Guiana Space Centre has its headquarters at Kourou in French Guiana.
Acura is a division of the Honda Co.
The Lancia Thema is related to the Alfa Romeo 164.
Meyer Werft is located in Germany.
The location of Meyer Werft is Papenburg.
The Atatürk Monument in Izmir was designed by Pietro Canonica.
The Atatürk Monument in Izmir is made of bronze.
Azerbaijan leader's name is Artur Rasizade.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan.
The materials used for the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is red granite and white marble.
Aaron S Daggett was awarded the Purple Heart.
The Battle of Mine Run was one fought by Aaron S Daggett.
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub was in office while Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman was Vice President.
Abdul Taib Mahmud's Alma mater is the University of Adelaide.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is from Kota Samarahan.
Abdul Taib Mahmud successor was Adenan Satem.
Abdul Taib Mahmud's successor was Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib.
Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Army.
Abel Caballero was in office during the reign of Monarch, Juan Carlos I of Spain.
Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II.
The successor to Abraham A. Ribicoff is Anthony J. Celebrezze.
Adam Koc was awarded the Cross of Valour (Poland).
Adam Koc died in New York City.
The alma mater of Adenan Satem is the University of Adelaide.
Adonis Georgiadis worked as Deputy Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping.
Agnes Kant worked at the House of Representatives in Netherlands.
Agnes Kant lives in the Netherlands.
Airey Neave was awarded the Territorial Decoration.
Knightsbridge, London is the birthplace of Airey Neave.
Airey Neave began his military career in 1935.
Alberto Teisaire's nationality is Argentinian.
Alfred Moore Scales took part in the Battle of Chancellorsville.
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Overland Campaign.
Allan Shivers fought battles in World War II.
Allan Shivers served in the United States Army.
Alvah Sabin ended their career on 1857-03-03.
Alvah Sabin was a member of the United States Whig Party.
Konstantinos Mitsotakis was the successor to Antonis Samaras.
The leader of Argentina is Gabriela Michetti.
In Austria, the language is Austrian German.
The Battle of Fredericksburg was fought during the American Civil War.
The death place of Edmund J. Davis is Austin Texas.
The University of Vienna is the Alma mater of Josef Klaus.
Juan Perón was a member of the Labour Party in Argentina.
Oladipo Diya was Mike Akhigbe's predecessor.
Sadique Abubakar is a commander in the Nigerian Air Force.
Romani are an ethnic group in Poland.
The Kashubian language is spoken in Poland.
Peter Stoger is the manager of FC Kolin.
1 FC Magdeburg played in the 2014 season.
A C Lumezzane played the 2014-2015 season in Lega Pro.
A.D. Isidro Metapan's full name is "Asociación Deportiva".
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis's full name is A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 season.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis were in the 2014–15 A EPSTH. Greece season.
A.F.C. Blackpool has 1500 members.
The Fylde is the home ground of AFC Fylde.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy.
A.S. Livorno Calcio has 19238 members.
A.S. Roma were in Serie A in 2014-15.
Frank de Boer manages the AFC Ajax team.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) have the nickname "Joden , Godenzonen".
AFC Ajax has 5000 Members.
AZAL PFK is located at Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan.
AZ Alkmaar has 17023 members.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense are managed by Vica.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense competed in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St. Vincent-St. Mary High School.
Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members.
Amsterdam-Centrum is part of Amsterdam.
The leader of Greece is Nikos Voutsis.
Gus Poyet is in AEK Athens F.C.
Jens Hartel plays for SV Germania Schoneiche.
John van den Brom plays at the AZ Alkmaar club.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez's club is A.D. Isidro Metapan.
Massimo Drago is attached to the club Delfino Pescara 1936.
Massimo Drago plays for S.S.Chieti Calcio.
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located at Marousi.
K-W United FC have been champions of the Premier Development League.
Stuart Parker played football for Bury FC.
The academic staff size of Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is 100.
The campus address for the Acharya Institute of Technology is: Soldenvanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090.
Alba Iulia is located in Romania.
Alba Iulia os part of the county of Alba.
The patron Saint of Romania is Andrew the Apostle.
The academic staff of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University number 737.
The Aarhus University School of Business and Social Sciences is in the country of Denmark.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis.
1634: The Bavarian crisis is the sequel to The Grantville Gazettes.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was followed by 1635: The Cannon Law.
AIP Advances had the EISSNnumber 2158.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is a hardcover book.
The ISBN number of A Long Long Way is 0-670-03380-4.
The book, A Loyal Character Dancer, has the ISBN number of 1-56947-301-3.
Madeleine L'Engle wrote "A Severed Wasp".
A Wizard of Mars is published in English.
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg has the LCCN number 32024459.
Above the Veil is available in hardcover.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is also known as Acta Math. Hungar.
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica covers the academic discipline of Mathematics.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has the CODEN code APGPAC.
The OCLC number of Addiction (journal) is 27367194.
Wiley-Blackwell is the publisher of the journal Addiction.
The LCCN number of the Administrative Science Quarterly is 57059226.
OCLC number 45644811 is Aenir.
Alcatraz Versus The Evil Librarian OCLC number is 78771100.
The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is followed by the book Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener's Bones.
The impact factor of the American Journal of Mathematics is 1.337.
The novel Castle is followed by Aenir.
Cornwell University is nicknamed Cornell Big Red.
The HIV virus is from the genus Lentivirus.
Wolf Solent is a notable work by John Cowper Powys.
Elizabeth II is a leader in the United Kingdom.
Joe Biden is a United States leader.
John Cowper Powys is the author of Wolf Solent.
Abilene is in Texas and is served by the Abilene regional airport.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport located at San Sebastian de los Reye has a runway length of 3500.
Agra Airport is in India where one of its leaders is T.S. Thakur.
Al Asad Airbase is 618 ft above sea level and is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who fought in The Operation of Enduring Freedom battle.
The United States invasion of Panama was a battle involving the United States Air Force who operate the Al Asad Airbase.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas which is part of the Community of Madrid.
Poaceae is the surface of the 1st runway at Alderney Airport which has a runway with the length of 877.0 metres.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority, the HQ of which is at Jinnah International Airport.
The location of Alpena County Regional Airport is Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States.
The Schiphol Group are the operators of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, which is -3.3528 above sea level.
Andrews County Airport is 973 metres above sea level and The 4th runway is made of Asphalt.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, the capital of which is Austin.
Angola International Airport serves the city of Luanda, it is 159m above sea level.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola.
Antwerp International Airport, operated by The Flemish department of Mobility and Public Works, is 12 metres above sea level.
Appleton, Grand Chute, Wisconsin is a city which is served by Appleton International Airport.
New Zealand's Ardmore Airport's second runway has the surface type Poaceae which is part of the Poales order.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand)'s 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae of the class Monocotyledon.
The runway length at Ashgabat International airport, located in Ashgabat, is 3800.0.
Athens International Airport is in Spata and serves the city of Athens.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens and has a runway length of 3800.0.
San Sebastian de los Reyes is part of the Community of Madrid and is also the location of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport.
Aaron Bertram plays for the Suburban Legends band and Kids Imagine Nation.
Aaron Bertram plays for the Suburban Legends band and their genre is Ska.
Guitarist Aaron Deer plays Psychedelia.
Aaron Turner is an artist for the band Isis and a musician in the Lotus Eaters band.
Abradab was born in Katowice, Poland.
Ace Wilder is an exponent of hip hop music, a style that originated from disco.
Al Anderson is a performer of rock music, which has its origins in country music.
Alan Frew plays rock music, which originated from country music.
Jazz music originated from blues music. Albennie Jones is a jazz performer.
Albennie Jones performs rhythm and blues music, a genre that originated from blues music.
Aleksandra Kovac stared in 1990 and she performs soul music.
The musical genre of Alex Day is Synthpop which is a derivative of disco music.
Alex Day plays Synthpop, which originated from new wave music.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo where Daniel Martinez is the leader.
Alfredo Zitarrosa's genre is Zamba which is considered an art form and he started out as a solo singer.
Alison O'Donnell is associated with Plastik Mak and the band Head South By Weaving.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz artist who plays the autoharp.
Allen Forrest has a background as a solo singer and was a pop artist.
Andrew White plays alternative rock, of which nu metal is a fusion genre.
Anders Osborne is associated with musicians Billy Iuso and Theresa Andersson.
Rhythm and blues artist Anders Osborne is signed with Rabadash Records.
Andra began her Pop music singing career in 2000.
Andra began her career as a solo singer and she sings pop music.
Disco can be considered a fusion genre as it contains elements of other genres such as pop music which is performed by Andra (singer).
Andrew Rayel is associated with both musical artist Jonathan Mendelsohn and Mark Sixma.
Musicians Andrew Rayel, who is associated with Christian Burns , and Mark Sims are associates.
Andrew White whose genre is alternative rock, is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Tabaré Vázquez led Uruguay.
Apollo 14 crew member Alan Shepard retired on the first of August, 1974.
Buzz Aldrin is a US national because he was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey.
Retiree Buzz Aldrin is a former fighter pilot.
The Apollo 11 program was organized by NASA and included Buzz Aldrin as one of its crew members.
Buzz Aldrin performed as a fighter pilot and was a crew member on Apollo 11.
Aaron Hunt plays for Vfl Wolfsburg and used to play for SV Werder Bremen II.
Abel Hernandez plays for the US Citta de Palermo club and also played for Penarol.
Adam Maher's club is PSV Eindhoven and he played for the Netherlands national under-17 football team.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad in the Al-Naft club, plays for Steel Azin F.C.
Akeem Adams played for Ferencvarosi TC, where the manager is Thomas Doll.
Akeem Dent was born September 27, 1987.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia in 1987.
Akeem Dent started with the Atlanta Falcons which is owned by Arthur Blank.
Patrick Allen is a political leader in Jamaica which is the birthplace of Akeem Priestley.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra's clubs are the Shabab Al-Ordon Club and the Al-Zawra'a SC.
Alan Martin plays for Barrow AFC and Hamilton Academical FC.
Aleksandr Chumakov has played for the club FC Torpedo Moscow, which is managed by Valery Petrakov.
Russia is led by Sergey Naryshkin and is where Aleksandr Chumakov died.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia which is led by Vladimir Putin.
Aleksandr Prudinov plays for FC Tom Tomsk, which plays in the Russian National Football League.
Aleksandre Guruli's former clubs include FC Karpaty Lviv and AS Lyon-Duchère.
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Karpaty Lviv and FC Dinamo Batumi.
Alessio Romagnoli is a defender for A.C. Milan football club.
AS Roma play in the Serie A league and Alessio Romagnoli played for their youth team.
Alex Plante was born in 1989 in Manitoba.
Alex Tyus was born on the 8th January 1988 and plays for the club Pallacanestro Cantu.
Canada uses the spoken language of English and is the birthplace of Aaron Boogaard.
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada where the English language is spoken.
Abel Hernandez plays for Hull City AFC who are managed by Steve Bruce.
11 Diagonal Street is in South Africa. One South African group is the Coloured.
There are 45 floors at 200 Public Square in Cleveland.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London, which is currently led by the European Parliament.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, the leader of which was Barack Obama.
There are 60 floors at 300 North LaSalle in Illinois.
HOK SVE was the architect of the 3Arena at North Wall, Dublin.
3Arena at East Link Bridge is owned by Live Nation Entertainment.
3Arena, owned by Live Nation Entertainment, is located in Beverly Hills, California.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen and it has 23 floors.
Addis Ababa City Hall is 42 m high and houses the Government of Addis Ababa.
Admisham Hall's architectural style is Tudor and Jacabian and the building is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka, where they speak the Tamil language.
The construction of Alan B Miller Hall, 101 Ukrop Way, began on 30th March 2007.
Alan B Miller Hall is owned by The College of William and Mary and located in Williamsburg, Virginia.
Robert A. M. Stern is the architect of the Alan B. Miller Hall where the Mason School of Business is located.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Ampara District in Sri Lanka.
Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka, where Ampara Hospital is located.
The Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located on U.S. Route 83 and has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places.
Asilomar Conference Grounds, Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California has a reference number in the National Register of Historic Places of: 87000823.
Asilomar Conference Grounds at Pacific Grove, California was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located on 23rd Street, Manhattan, and was constructed in 1904.
Anandiben Patel was the leader of Gujurat where Amdavad ni Gufa is located.
(410777) 2009 FD has an apoapsis of 259776702.47055 kilometres and a minimum temperature of 211.0 kelvins.
(410777) 2009 FD, which was discovered by Spacewatch, has a periapsis of 88234300000.0.
(66063) 1998 RO1, with the epoch date 2013-11-04, has an escape velocity of 0.0999 km/s.
The rotation period of (66391) 1999 KW4 is 9953.28 and its epoch date is July 14th 2004.
101 Helena has an average speed of 18.44 kilometres per second and an apoapsis of 441092000.0 kilometres.
The apoapsis measurement of 1036 Ganymed is 611961000.0 (kilometres) and it travels at an average speed of 16.86 kilometres per second.
James Craig Watson, a Canadian national, disovered 103 Hera.
James Craig Watson, who comes from Canada, discovered 103 Hera.
103 Hera has a periapsis measurement of 371240000.0 km and its epoch is 31st July 2016.
107 Camilla, discovered by N. R. Pogson, has the epoch 31st December 2006.
The orbital period for 1097 Vicia is 135589000.0 and the epoch date is 31 December 2006.
1099 Figneria, travels at an average speed of 16.37 kilometres per second. and has an apoapsis of 605718000 kilometres.
1099 Figneria has a periapsis of 349206000000.0 and an epoch date of 31st December 2006.
The asteroid 10 Hygiea, once called A900 GA, has the epoch date of 27th June 2015.
The epoch of 1101 Clematis was on the 31st of July 2016 and its periapsis is 445895000000.0.
110 Lydia has a rotational period of 39332.9 and its epoch is 31st December 2006.
11264 Claudiomaccone has the epoch date of 26 November 2005 and a periapsis of 296521000.0 kilometres.
Albany, Georgia is in the United States, home to a number of ethnic groups including, African Americans.
Portland is the largest city in Oregon which also includes Albany.
Alexandria, Indiana (total area 6.81 sq km), has a population density of 755.3 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Amarillo can be located in Potter County, Texas which is in the United States of America.
Anaheim, California is situated at 48.0 above sea level and has a total area of 131.6 square kilometres.
Anderson is part of Anderson Township,Madison County,Indiana in the United States.
Anderson, Indiana, is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County Indiana, United States.
Anderson is part of Union Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States.
Ann Arbor, Michigan has a population of 1580.7 per square kilometre and a total area of 74.33 square kilometres.
The United States is the location of Atlanta and includes the African Americans among its ethnic groups.
Atlanta is part of Fulton County, Georgia, United States.
Attica is located in the state of Indiana in the U.S.
Washington DC is the capital of the United States, where Auburn, Alabama is located.
Auburn, Alabama is located in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans.
The area of Austin, Texas is 703.95km2 and the land area is 686km2.
Austin is part of Travis County, Texas, is United States.
Austin, Texas is located within the country of the United States and is led by the City Manager.
Austin is located in Texas, in the country of the United States.
Attica is part of Indiana, where Indianapolis is the capital.
Ann Arbor is part of Michigan in the United States.
Arlington is part of Texas when English is spoken.
Albuquerque is in New Mexico, in the United States, of which the occupants are Americans.
Akron, Ohio is part of the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
The comic strip character Asterix was created by Albert Uderzo and Rene Goscinny.
Created by Len Wein, Aurakles's alternative name is also Aurakles.
Doug Moench was the creator of the comic character Ballistic, who has the alternative name Kelvin Mao.
Starring Graeme Garden, Bananaman, the TV series was shown on the BBC.
Bill Oddie, who stars in Bananaman, was born in Lancashire.
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by American, Jerry Ordway.
Black Pirate, also known as Jon Valor, was created by Sheldon Moldoff.
The comic character Blockbuster was created by Roger Stern and Tom Lyle.
Paris Culins and Gary Cohn are the creators of the comics character Bolt.
Bread is an ingredient of Ajoblanco which originates from Spain.
Ajoblanco, from Andalusia, has almond as one of its ingredients.
Tomato is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce which comes from Lazio.
Bandeja paisa comes from the Antioquia Department of Colombia.
Arem-arem uses the ingredient banana leaf, it is a common dish in Indonesia.
Olive oil is an ingredient used in the preparation of Arrabbiata sauce, found in Italy.
Arrabbiata sauce is found in Italy where the capital city is Rome.
Tomatoes are found in Arrabbiata sauce which comes from Italy.
Arròs negre is from Spain, it includes squid.
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arros negre which comes from the region of Valencian Community.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java and the main ingredients are "squeezed" or "smashed" chicken served with sambal.
A sausage is used when making a Bacon Explosion which has The United states to thank for inventing it.
The United States, where John Roberts is a leader, is the country of the Bacon Explosion.
Bacon is an ingredient in the main course dish 'Bacon Explosion'.
A bacon sandwich on bread is also known as bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
Baked Alaska is thought to have originated in the United States, France or China, and contains Christmas pudding as an ingredient.
Baked Alaska comes from China, where Standard Chinese is spoken.
Baked Alaska and cookies are types of dessert.
Bakewell pudding was created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms, Bakewell and has ground almond, jam, butter and eggs as main ingredients.
Bakewell tart, made with shortcrust pastry, is a variation of Bakewell pudding.
Lemon (part of genus Citrus) is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa.
Batchoy is a food in the Philippines and one of its ingredient is shrimp.
The Chinese Filipino is an ethnic group in the Philippines, where batchoy is a traditional dish.
Beef kway teow originates from Singapore, where Chinese is spoken.
Beef kway teow is a dish of Singapore where Tony Tan is a leader.
Bhajji originates from India and Sumitra Mahajan is it's leader.
Bhajji, which uses gram flour, is a dish similar to pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour.
An ingredient of Binignit is sweet potato, and one of the main ingredients is the banana.
Sago is the main ingredient in binignit but sweet potatoes are also used in it.
Sweet potatoes (a kind of flowering plant) are used in binignit recipes.
Sweet potatoes are the main ingredient of binignit and the potatoes are part of the order of Solanales.
Bionico is a dessert and it requires granola as one of it's ingredients.
A popular dessert is Bionico and a variation of this dish can be honey.
Bionico and ice cream are both served as a dessert course.
Batagor and Siomay (which has peanut sauce as an ingredient) are variations of the same dish.
A-Rosa Luna is 125800.0 millimetres long and was christened on April 7th, 2005.
The A-Rosa Luna is 125800.0 millimetres in length and classed as a cruise ship.
The AIDAluna is operated by AIDA Cruises which are located at Rostock.
The AIDAstella is 253.26m long and was launched March 16th 2013.
Montreal Locomotive Works is the builder of the ALCO RS-3 which has a four-stroke engine.
Alliant Techsystems makes the ALV X-1 and also produces the AgM-88 HARM.
Richard A. Teague is emplyed by Chrysler and designed the AMC Matador.
Richard A. Teague, who works for General Motors, designed the AMC Matador.
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is 192000.0 millimetres long and comes from Argentina.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe was made by Abarth and designed by Gruppo Bertone.
Honda is the manufacturer of the Acura TLX and has a Honda J engine.
Honda is the manufacturer of the Acura TLX which has an Inline-four engine.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Finland, where Sauli Niinisto is a leader.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built at the Arctech Helsink shipyeard has a shipbeam of 21.2m.
The Alfa Romeo 164, which was assembled in Milan, and the Fiat Croma are related means of transportation.
Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes are located in Deptford and power the Alhambra.
The Alhambra was launched May 31st 1855 and had a beam of 8.3m.
The Alvis Speed 25 has a 4387.00 cc engine and an impressive transmission coined as "single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle".
Eagle was the successor for American Motors who make the AMC Matador.
The Antares rocket is comparable with the Delta II and was launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
The Antares rocket is launched from the Mid ~Atlantic Regional Spaceport and its first voyage was on January 9th 2014.
Airbus Group is the parent company of Airbus Defence & Space; where Ariane 5 was manufactured.
The Aston Martin Virage succeeded the Aston Martin V8 which is a related means of transport to the Aston Martin RHAM/1.
The Lockheed Martin manufactured Atlas II was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
Audi A1 is made by Audi who also own Ducati.
The Seat Ibiza and the Audi A1, built by Audi, are both cars.
Douglas R Oberhelman is a person at Caterpillar Inc. where the AIDAluna is manufactured.
The inauguration date for the Atatürk Monument (İzmir, Turkey) is 1932-07-27.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial has been dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and is made of red granite and white marble.
The native name of the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti and is made of red granite and white marble.
The Dead Man's Plack, which is made of rock, is dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg and received the Purple Heart.
Aaron S Daggett fought at the Battle of Gettysburg and was awarded the Purple Heart.
Abdul Taid Mahmud was born in Sarawak and is part of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.
Miri, Malaysia, is the birthplace of Abdul Taib Mahmud, whose party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, who served in the Nigerian Army was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, born in Minna, was The Nigerian Chief of Defense Staff.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State and was the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria.
Abel Caballero came from Ponteareas in Spain.
Abner W. Sibal was in the U.S. Army during WWII.
Abner W. Sibal served in the United States Army which was involved in the American Revolutionary War.
Abraham A Ribicoff, born in the U.S., was married to Ruth Ribicoff.
Abraham A. Ribicoff's spouse was Casey Ribicoff, who was born in Chicago.
Adam Koc, who fought in the Polish–Soviet War, has been awarded the Cross of Valour for Poland.
Adam Koc fought in World War One and was awarded the Officer's Star, Parasol.
Adam Koc, who won the Virtuti Militari award, fought in World War I.
Born in Greece, Adonis Georgiadis, worked as the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally.
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister. Antonis Samaras was in office under Konstantinos Mitsotakis, Prime Minister.
Adonis Georgiadis was in office under Prime Minister Antonis Samaras who was succeeded by Konstantinos Mitsotakis.
Airey Neave started his career on the 30th June 1953, and ended it on the 30th March 1979.
Airey Neave started his career on 30th June 1953, and was in World War II.
Airey Neave, who was born in Kinightsbridge, fought in World War II.
Airey Neave fought in World War II during which Joseph Stalin was a commander.
Albert B White died at Parkersburg, West Virginia and his successor was William M. O. Dawson.
Albert Jennings Fountain passed away in the New Mexico Territory. He was in office while Edmund J. Davis was Vice President.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buonos Aires whose leader is Diego Santilli.
Alfons Gorbach was born in the state of Tyrol, in Austria.
Alfons Gorbach, born in Austria, was in office while Adolf Scharf was President.
Born in Darien, Connecticut, Alfred N. Phillips, was the Mayor of Stamford Connecticut.
Alfred N. Phillips served in the United States Army which fought in the American Civil War.
Allan Shivers was part of the Texas State Senate District 4 for Port Arthur. Ben Ramsey succeeded him.
Alvah Sabin was the Secretary of State of Vermont before Homer Elihu Royce.
AC Cesena are in the Serie B league, the previous champions of which are Carpi FC 1909.
AC Chievo Verona play in the Serie A league and their home ground is Stadio Marc Antonio Bentegodi.
A.C. Lumezzane's ground is in Italy where the leader is Pietro Grasso.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez manages the A.D. Isidro Metapan, he played for the C.D. FAS.
A.E. Dimitra Efeinoupolis has 1500 members and is in the EPSTH 2nd GROUP league.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for Runcorn F.C. Halton.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer), who plays at the Sparta Rotterdam club.
AFC Fylde has the home ground called The Fylde and has 3180 members.
A.F.C. Fylde has 3180 members and are based at Bryning Lane.
A.S. Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci who plays for the Italy national football team.
Grounds being in Rome, Italy, A.S. Roma to play in Serie A.
ACF Fiorentina play in Serie A which is based in Italy.
The manager of AFC Ajax is Frank de Boer who is in the Ajax Youth Academy.
AFC Ajax has 53502 members and is the owner of AFC Ajax NV.
AFC Ajax is based in Amsterdam where the leader is Eberhard van der Laan.
AFC Ajax (amateurs), who have 5000 members, played in the Topklasse in the 2014-2015 season.
AZAL PFK play their home matches at the AZAL Arena in Shuvulan.
AZ Alkmaar's fullname is Alkmaar Zaanstreek, it has 17023 members.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, its located in Brazil.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense (which is his full name) has a club with 17000 members.
The team Akron Summit Assault are based in Akron, Ohio, USA.
Massimo Drago's club is the S.S. Chieti Calcio and he manages A.C. Cesena.
Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090 and the director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.
The All India Council for Technical Education gave the Acharya Institute of Technology the status of "Technical Campus". The official school colours are blue, white and orange.
The International Tennis Federation, which is the sport's governing body, has agreed to let Acharya Institute of Technology offer tennis at the school.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated to the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels.
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the state of Karnataka which has the Arabian Sea to the west.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis is written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and was preceded by Grantville Gazette III.
Eric Flint is the author of '1634: The Ram Rebellion' which can be found as an E book.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and can be found in hardcover.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems with the CODEN ATISET is abbreviated as ACM Trans. Inf. Syst.
AIDS journal is from the United Kingdom whose leader is Elizabeth II.
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J. V. Jones and has the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.
A Glastonbury Romance has the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0 and is in print.
A Glastonbury Romance identified by ISBN 0-7156-3648-0 was published in hardcover.
A Glastonbury Romance has 1174 pages and is available in print.
The ISBN number of A Long Long Way is 0-670-03380-4, and its OCLC number is 57392246.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States where the Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press which is located in the United States.
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane with on OCLC number 318875313.
A Wizard of Mars is published in Hardcover and has the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2.
A Wizard of Mars is 560 pages long and has the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2.
Aenir and it's sequel Above the Veil are examples of Austrlian literature.
Above the Veil followed the book Aenir and is written in English.
Above the Veil is the sequel to Aenir, which was written after Castle.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is the publisher of Springer Science+Business Media, founded by Julius Springer.
The Administrative Science Quarterly has a Coden code of "ASCQAG" and the abbreviation of Admin.Sci.Q.
Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and published Administrative Science Quarterly.
Written by Garth Nix, Aenir, has the ISBN number of "0-439-17684-0.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in Hardcover and has the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarian, which is identified by ISBN 0-439-92550-9, has 320 pages.
AIDS (journal) comes under the academic discipline HIV which belongs to the family Orthoretrovirinae.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the language is English.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene which is part of Taylor County,Texas, in the United States.
Adirondack Regional Airport has a runway length of 1219.0 and serves the cities of Saranac Lake and Lake Placid, New York.
The 14L/32R runway of the Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Airport in Madrid has a length of 4100.0.
The Indian Air Force in India, operates Agra Airport which uses VIAG as its ICAO location identifier.
Operated by the United States Air Force, Al Asad Airbase, in Iraq, has a runway length of 3078.48 metres.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which was involved in the Invasion of Grenada and the Korean war.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which has the Invasion of Grenada as one of its noted battles as well as The Operation Enduring Freedom.
The United States Air Force who is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase fought battles in the Korean war and also in Operation Enduring Freedom.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae and has a length of 733.0.
Located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, Alpena County Regional Airport has an elevation of 210 metres above sea level and a runway length of 1,533 metres.
Amsterdam airport, Schiphol which serves the city of Amsterdam is located at -3.3528 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3500.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas (United States), where Houston is the largest city.
Angola International airport is located in Icolo e Bengo Angola, it has a runway length of 4000ft.
Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo in Angola and the runway is named "south runway".
Antwerp International Airport which has an elevation of 12.0 metres above sea level is owned and operated by the Flemish government.
The Flemish department of Mobility and Public Works is the operating organisation and owner of Antwerp International Airport that serves the city of Antwerp.
Appleton International airport serves the city of Appleton which is part of Kimberly, Wisconsin, as is Little Chute.
The Appleton International Airport is in Greenville which is part of Clayton Winnebago County, Wisconsin, in the United States.
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae which is of the order Poales and belongs to the division of flowering plants.
Ashgabat International Airport (located in Ashgabat) is elevated 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.
The Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens, in Greece where Alexis Tsipras is the leader.
Atlantic City International Airport, which has a runway with the name is 4/22, is located in Egg Harbor Township, in New Jersey, United States.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium where the leader is Philippe of Belgium.
Poaceae is in the class Monocotyledon and the order of Commelinids. It is also the surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport, New Zealand.
An artist with the band Kids Imagine Nation, Aaron Bertram plays for the Suburban Legends band which plays pop music.
Aaron Deer was born in Indiana,United States and his musical genre is indie rock.
Black Metal music is Aaron Turner's thing and he plays for Twilight band. Mr. Turner is also associated with Greymachine, the band.
Aaron Turner plays drone music and played with the bands Twilight and Greymachine.
Aaron Turner played with the bands Twilight and Sumac. He performs black metal music.
Aaron Turner performed with the band Sumac and is a Black metal musician. Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal.
Aaron Turner plays electric guitar in the Black Metal genre. Death metal is a fusion of black metal.
Abradab performs hip hop music which has the sub genre Gangsta rap. Drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music.
Ace Wilder, born in Sweden, is a solo singer on the record label Warner Music group.
Agustin Barboza is a solo singer who performs Guarania and signed to Philips Records.
Agustin Barboza was born on the 5th May, 1913, in Asuncion which is in Paraguay.
Ahmet Ertegun performs blues music and is from Washington D.C., United States.
Al Anderson, who plays with the band NRBQ, once played with The Wildweeds. 1966 is the year when Al Aderson, from the band NRQB, became active.
Alan Frews' musical genre is rock music. The genre originated from country music and has its stylistic origins in folk music.
Born in Errata, Mississippi, Albennie Jones is a Jazz musician and solo singer.
Albennie Jones plays Jazz music which originated from Blues music. A fusion of Jazz is Afrobeat music.
Aleksandra Kovač, whose musical genre is Pop, is in same band with Kornelije Kovač and is associated with the musical artist Bebi Dol.
Aleksandra Kovač is an artist for the band K2 and is associated with the musical artist Bebi Dol. The musical genre of Aleksandra Kovac is rhythm and blues.
Aleksandra Kovac's genre is Rhythm and blues and he is in the same band with Kornelije Kovač. He is also associated with the musical artist Bebi Dol.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester (England) and died in London.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester in the UK, and died in London.
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup, London (led by Boris Johnson).
Alfredo Zitarrosa, whose record label is RCA Records, is in the genre is Zamba which is considered an art form and has a background as a solo singer.
Jazz musician Alison O'Donnell is signed with Static Caravan Recordings. Jazz is the origin of Funk.
Allen Forrest, a solo singer who performs acoustic music, was born in Fort Campbell, KY and was raised in the town of Dothan, AL.
Anders Osborne has worked with Tab Benoit and is associated with the Voice of the Wetland All-Stars and Billy Iuso.
Rock musician Anders Osborne has previously been signed to the record labels Alligator Records and Okeh Records.
The singer Andra's genre is Rhythm and blues. She is associated with the band CRBL and with the singer Puya.
Starting her career as a solo singer, Andra's genre is Rhythm and blues, a derivative of which, is Disco.
Christian Burns plays house music and is associated with Andrew Rayel. Mr. Rayel is connected with Jwaydan Moyine, musician.
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musicians Jwaydan Moyine and Armin van Buuren (who plays House music).
Alan Bean was under commander David Scott on Nasa's Apollo 12 mission.
Dianne Feinstein is a senator in California where Alan Shepard died on July 21 1998.
Buzz Aldrin, also called Edwin E. Aldrin Jr., graduated in 1963 from MIT with a Sc.D. and was a crew member on Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin, who was a member of the Apollo 11 crew and spent 52 minutes in space, was born in Glen Ridge New Jersey.
Alan Shepard, who was awarded the US Navy Distinguished Service Medal died in California, incidentally a Smilodon is a fossil from California.
Elliot See who was selected by NASA in 1962 died on 28 February 1966 in St Louis.
Elliot See, born July 23 1927 in Dallas, has died.
Born on October 17th, 1933 in British Hong Kong, William Anders would serve as a crew member on Apollo 8.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Regina, Saskatchewan and plays for Wichita Thunder. He is 1.905 m high.
Aaron Hunt's youth club was Goslarer SC 08, his club is VfL Wolfsburg and he plays for SV Werder Bremen II.
Aaron Hunt plays for Vfl Wolfsburg and SV Werder Bremen. He was a member of the Goslarer SC 08 youth team.
Abel Hernandez played youth football for Central Espanol. He has since been associated with clubs US Citta di Palermo and Penarol.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad, who formerly played for Esteghial Ahvaz FC, plays for the Iraq national football team which is managed by Adnan Hamad.
Akeem Ayers used to play for Tennessee Titans and has the draft pick number 39 and draft round 2.
Akeem Ayers used to play for the St. Louis Rams. He was number 39 in the draft pick in draft round 2.
American Football team, St. Louis Rams, are based in the city of St. Louis. It is the former team of Akeem Ayersm, whose debut team, was the Tennessee Titans.
Akeem Dent, who made his debut with the Atlanta Falcons, was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27 September 1987.
Jamaica, whose queen is Elizabeth II, is led by Patrick Allen and is the birth place of Akeem Priestley.
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al Shorta SC and for Al-Khor Sports Club located in Al-Khor.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra's club is Shabab Al-Ordon Club and he plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC at their home ground Al Khor.
Footballer, Alan Martin was born on January 1st 1989 and he is a footballer for the Crewe Alexandra FC and for the Aldershot Town F.C.
Alan Martin, born on the 1st January 1989, played for Crewe Alexandra FC. and Hamilton Academical FC.
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Tampere, Finland on 2 September 1995.
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born on 2 September 1995 and has played for the Florida Panthers.
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Tampere, Finland on 1995-09-02 and he plays for the Florida Panthers.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24th February 1989 and he plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar as well as for FC Dynamo Moscow.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24 February 1989 and his club is the FC Spartak Moscow, but he also plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar.
Aleksandre Guruli's club is Olympique Lyonnais, whose home ground is the Parc Olympique Lyonnais stadium. He also plays for AZAL PFK.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.C. Milan, managed by Siniša Mihajlović and also played for UC Sampdoria.
Alex Plante ws born in Manitoba in 1989 and has played for the club Anyang Halla.
The league Alex Tyus plays in is the Turkish Basketball Super League. His club is Maccabi Ashdod BC which is coached by, Zvi Sherf.
Alex Plante was born in Canada; where the national anthem is O Canada and the leader is, Elizabeth II.
Aleksandr Chumakov's club was FC Torpedo Moscow. The club, which is managed by Valery Petrakov, played the 2014–15 season in the Russian Premier League.
Abner who is a player for the Coritiba Football Club also plays for Real Madrid Castilla which is managed by Luis Miguel Ramis.
Akeem Adams, who has represented Trinidad and Tobago at under 20 level, played for United Petrotrin FC, whose ground is Palo Seco.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa (Cyril Ramaphosa is one of the leaders), the capital of which is Cape Town.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, a country in which coloureds are one of the ethnic groups and Jacob Zuma is the leader.
11 Diagonal Street is in South Africa where the leader is Jacob Zuma. An ethnic group found there are white South Africans.
Frank G Jackson is the leader of Cleveland, United States where 200 Public Square is located.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, Erie County, New York.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago (the leader of which is Rahm Emanuel), United States.
Located in Dublin, the 3Arena whose architect was HOK SVE) was completed in December 2008.
Populous was the architect of 3Arena in Dublin which was completed in December 2008.
The owner of 3Arena is Live Nation Entertainment which is located in Dublin, Ireland.
Marriott International is the tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, Denmark, which was designed by the architects of the 3XN firm.
James Pain was the architect of Adare Manor which was completed in 1862 and is owned by J P McManus.
The Government of Addis Ababa is the current tenant of the Addis Ababa City Hall which is 42 metres high and has a floor area of 140000.0 (square metres).
The Adisham hall, which is located in Sri Lanka, was completed in 1931 and architectural style is Tudor Revival.
The Akita Museum of Art has a floor area of 3746.66 square metres over 3 floors and was inaugurated on 28 September 2013.
The Akita Museum or art is located in Akita, within the Akita Prefecture, Japan.
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B. Miller Hall in Virginia. The building was begun on 30 March 2007.
Robert Gates is the chancellor of The College of William and Mary which is owned by Alan B Miller Hall and is located in Virginia.
The Mason School of Business in the US are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall in Virginia.
Alan B. Miller Hall, the building of which began 30 March, 2007, is located in Williamsburg, Virginia and owned by the College of William and Mary.
The 476 bed Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District, Sri Lanka.
Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. Ranil Wickremesinghe is a leader there.
The Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House located on US Route 83 and built in 1911 was added to the National Register of Historic Places, on 22nd November 1988.
Asilomar Conference Grounds are located in Pacific Grove, California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987. Its reference number in the National Register of Historic Places is 87000823,.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in Asser Levy Place , East 23rd Street and were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23, with the number 80002709.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, U.S. Manhattan is a borough in New York City.
T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders in India where Amdavad ni Gufa is located.
The celestial body known as (410777) 2009 FD has an orbital period of 39447000 , has a periapsis of 88234300000.0 and it was discovered by Spacewatch.
(66063) 1998 RO1 has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 km, a maximum temperature of 500 kelvins and a minimum temperature of -71 degrees celsius.
The celestial body known as (66391) 1999 KW4 has an apoapsis of 162164091.8388 km, an average speed of 37.16 kilometres per second, and a density of 2.0 grams per cubic centimetre.
The periapsis of the 1001 Gaussia (formally known as 1923 OAA907 XC) is 419113394.55312 km and it has an epoch date of the 31st July 2016.
The discoverer of 101 Helena is James Craig Watson who came from Canada. He died in Madison, Wisconsin.
1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade, a German National who studied at the University of Gottingen.
The celestial body known as 103 Hera has an escape velocity of 0.0482 k.p.s., temperature of 170.0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometres.
103 Hera has a mass of 7.9kg and an escape velocity of 0.0482 km per sec. It has an apoapsis of 437170000.0 (kilometres).
107 Camilla which has a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres was discovered by E Wells and has an epoch date of 31st December 2006.
N.R Pogson was born in Nottingham and discovered the 107 Camilla which has an epoch date of 31 December 2006.
The epoch date of 1097 Vicia is 2006.12.31. It has a periapsis of 279142000000.0 and an apoapsis of 511592000.0 kilometres.
The celestial body known as 1097 Vicia has a temperature of 171 kelvins, an escape velocity of 0.0112 kilometres per second and an apoapsis of 511592000.0 km.
The celestial body known as 1099 Figneria has a temperature of 156 kelvins, an apoapsis of 605718000.0 km and an escape velocity of 0.0155 km per sec.
10 Hygiea; has a surface area of 837080.744 square kilometres, an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometres, and a temperature of 164.0 kelvins.
The epoch of 1101 Clematis is on the 31st of July 2016. The orbital period for 1101 Clematis is 183309000.0 and it has an apoapsis of 520906000.0 Kilometers.
110 Lydia; has a periapsis measurement of 377016000000.0, an orbital period of 142603000.0 and its epoch is 31st December 2006.
Abilene, Texas is 524 above sea level, is 286.5 square kilometres large and has 429.9 people per square kilometre.
Abilene is located in Texas in the United States. Washington, D. C. is the country's capital.
Albany is a city in Dougherty County, Georgia in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Albany is a city in Linn County and part of Benton County,Oregon in the U.S.
The New Mexico House of Representatives,led by Don Tripp, is the the leader of Albuquerque,New Mexico in the United States.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States and led by the Albuquerque City Council whose leader is Richard J.Berry.
Alpharetta is part of the U.S. state, Georgia,where African Americans are one of the country's ethnic group.
Amarillo is part of Potter County and Randall County in Texas in the U.S.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, where you will find Amarillo, which is part of Potter County in Texas..
The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where Amarillo is located in Randall County, Texas.
Orange County in California is part of the Greater Los Angeles area,where Anaheim is located in the United States.
Anaheim is a Californian city in Orange County. It is led by the The United States House of Representatives.
Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United States, the country where Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Atlanta has a population density of 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre, area codes of 404, 678 and 470, and a total area of 347.1.
The United States, which includes the African Americans among its ethnic groups, is the location of Atlanta, Georgia.
Most of Atlanta is part of DeKalb County in Georgia,United States.
Auburn is part of Lee County,Alabama in the United States.
Auburn is part of Washington state, United States; the capital of Washington is Olympia.
The country of Austin, Texas, is United States and its inhabitants are called Americans and African Americans are an ethnic group within the country.
Anderson is part of Madison County, Indiana in the U.S.
Alexandria, Indiana is part of Madison County Indiana in the United States. The largest city in Madison County is Anderson.
The United States is the location of Abilene, part of Jones County, Texas, and has the capital of Washington DC.
Abilene is located in Taylor County, Texas,United States whose capital city is Washington D.C.
Albany is part of Oregon in the United States, where the capital is Washington DC.
Auburn is part of King County, Washington in the United States, the capital of which is Washington DC.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States,where English is the official language and Africann Americans are one of the country's ethnic group.
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, where English is spoken and Albany, Oregon is located.
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United states of America, where Barack Obama is leader and where Albuquerque in New Mexico is located.
Angola, Indiana is located in the United States where the English language is spoken and the Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Anaheim in California is led by the US based United States House of Representatives which is part of the United States Congress.
The comic character Auron was created by Walt Simonson and the American, Karl Kesel.
Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead, is a key person at the BBC which is located in London and broadcast Bananaman.
Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman which first aired on 3 October 1983 and was broadcast by STV.
Baymax first appeared in Big Hero 6 and was created by Duncan Rouleau and Steven T. Seagle.
The creator of Bibbo Bibbowski, who is often called Bibbo, are Jerry Ordway and Marv Wolfman.
The comic character Blockbuster, also known as Roland Desmond, was created by Roger Stern and Tom Lyle.
The comic character Bolt has the alternative name of Larry Bolatinsky and was created by Ernie Colon and Dan Mishkin.
An alternative name for the comic character Bolt is Larry Bolatinsky and he was created by Paris Cullins and Dan Mishkin.
From Spain, Ajoblanco (alternatively known as Ajo blanco) has bread as an ingredient.
Ajoblanco is from Andalusia, in Spain. Ajoblanco contains water.
Arem arem originates from the country of Indonesia, where two of the leaders are, Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla.
Arem-arem is a food found nationwide in Indonesia, but is more specific to Java. Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia.
The leader of Italy is Sergio Mattarella, it is also where Italian is spoken and the arrabbiata sauce is from.
Arrabbiata sauce, a traditional dish from Rome in Italy, has chili pepper as one of its important ingredients.
Garlic is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which originates from the region of Rome, in Italy.
Arros negre contains Squid and comes from the Catalonia region of Spain.
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arròs negre which comes from the region of the Valencian Community, in Spain.
The main ingredients of asam pedas , a food from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula regions of Malaysia, consist of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce.
Ayam penyet is made from squeezed or squashed chicken served with sambla and is a popular dish in Java, Malaysia.
Bacon and sausage are the main ingredients in a Bacon Explosion, which comes from the United States.
One of the ethnic groups in the United States are native Americans, the country is also the home of the dish bacon explosion and has Wasington D.C. as it's capitol city.
The United States is the country of Bacon Explosion. Barack Obama is the leader and Washington D.C. is the capital.
The Bacon Explosion originated in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group and John Roberts is a leader.
Bacon sandwiches are variations of BLT and come from the U.K. Condiments are found in these sandwiches.
Meringue is an ingredient of a Baked Alaska, which is from the New York region and France.
Sponge cake is one of the ingredients in Baked Alaska, a dish from the New York region and found in the United States.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in the dessert Baked Alaska. Cookie is also a dessert.
Sandesh (confectionery) is a dish that can be served as a dessert. Another dish that is a dessert is Baked Alaska which has Christmas pudding as an ingredient.
Part of Colombian cuisine, Bandeja paisa (which has kidney beans as one of the ingredients), comes from Antioquia Department area.
Barny Cakes come from France where Gerard Larcher and Claude Bartolone are leaders.
Barny cakes can be made with apple and have 18 grams of carbs and 1.8 g of protein.
Beef kway teow is a dish from the country of Singapore, where the leader is Halimah Yacob and the currency is the Singapore dollar.
A dish commonly found in Singapore and Indonesia is beef kway teow which has oyster sauce as a main ingredient.
A popular food in Indonesia, Beef kway teow originates from Singapore. The country where Tony Tan is the leader.
Bhajji originates from India, it's main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables.
Bhajji originates from India, country of Indians where the leader is T. S. Thakur.
Bhajji comes from the country of India, where two of the leaders are, T. S. Thakur and Narendra Modi.
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region and the main ingredients are vegetables and gram flour.
The binignit dish can be found in the Philippines. Two of the main ingredients in it are banana and sweet potato.
Bionico is a dessert containing sour cream from Mexico.
Containing raisins, Bionico is found in the region of Jalisco, in Mexico.
One ingredient in Bakso is celery, which is a member of the genus Apium in the family Apiaceae.
Bionico is a dessert that requires granola as one of its ingredients; it can be eaten as an alternative to cake.
Bakso is a dish from the country of Indonesia, where the capital is Jakarta and one of the leaders is Jusuf Kalla.
From the Singapore region, Ayam penyet, is a food found in Java where an ethic group is the Baduy.
Ayam penyet originates from Java where the Banyumasan are an ethnic group. It can be found nationwide and also in Singapore and Malaysia.
The leader of Spain is Felipe VI and it is also where Spanish is spoken and the dish arros negre is from.
The 1955 Dodge, also called the Dodge Coronet, has a hardtop and a V8 engine.
The 1955 Dodge, with an alternative name of Dodge coronet, has a V8 engine and 3-speed transmission.
Ordered on January 22nd, 2004, the A-Rosa Luna, is classed as a Cruise ship and has a length of, 125.8 metres.
The operator of AIDAstella is German baased AIDA Cruises. The AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works, has 12 cylinders and is 17068.8 mms long.
Originating in the United States and by Americans, some of African decent is the ALVX-1.
The AMC Matador was assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin, is available in a 1974 model, and is a relative means of transportation to the AMC Ambassador.
The AMC Matador, iincluding the 1971 model, and the Ambassador are related. The assembly line is in Port Melbourne, Victoria.
Gruppo Bertone, of Turin Italy, designed the Abarth 1000 GT Coupe.
Finland is home to the Finns and the icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov, built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard.
The Alfa Romeo 164, which was assembled in Italy, and the Lancia Thema are related types of transportation. The capital of Italy is Rome.
The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Arese and is a similar means of transport to the Fiat Croma and also related to the Lancia Thema.
The Alhambra, which was wrecked, had an 8.3 m ship beam and was 63800.0 mms in length.
The Alvis Car and Engineering Company, founded in Coventry and succeeded by the Rover Company, manufactured the Alvis Speed 25.
Eagle is the successor of American Motors who manufactured the AMC Matador and had Roy D Chapin Jr among their key personnel.
The Antares rocket, is manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office, its maiden flight was on April 21st, 2013, launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
The ARA Veinticinco De mayo (V-2) comes from the country of Argentina which is led by Mauricio Macri and has the capital city of Buenos Aires.
The Aston Martin V8, related to the Astom Martin RHAM/1, is assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom and has a 5.3 litre engine.
The Aston Martin V8 is similar to the DBS and has a 5.3 litre engine. It is made in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, UK.
The Aston Martin Virage is made by the company Aston Martin, was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage, and is a related means of transportation to the Aston Martin RHAM/1.
The Atlas II comes from the US where Native Americans are an ethnic group and the leader is the President.
The Audi A1 is a hatchback assembled by Audi Brussels and has a 1.2 litre engine.
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi. It is a similar means of transport as the Seat Ibiza and Volkswagen Polo since they are all cars.
AIDAluna is powered by Caterpillar Inc. which was founded in California and is located in Peoria, Illinois.
AIDAluna is powered by U.S. based Caterpillar Inc. Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc.
The Ariane 5 was launched at ELA-3 which is located at the Guiana Space Centre whose headquarters are at Kourou.
Located in French Guiana, the Guiana Space Centre is the site of the ELA-3 which was where the Ariane 5 was launched.
The ALV X-1 originated in the United States where the people are called Americans and include the ethnic group of White Americans.
Adams County, Pennsylvania is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument. Franklin County Pennsylvania is to the west and Frederick County to the south west.
The Baku Turkish Martyr's memorial which is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who were killed in the Battle of Baku is located in Azerbaijan. At present Artur Rasizade is the leader of the country.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial in Azerbaijan was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner and is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
Azerbaijan, where the leader is Artur Rasizade, is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial. The memorial was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner, and is located in Azerbaijan, where it is called Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
Purple Heart recipient Aaron S. Daggat was born in Maine and, most notably, fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg.
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands, belongs to the Christian Democratic Appeal party and graduated from Erasmus University in Rotterdam.
Born in the Kingdom of Sarawak, Abdul Taib Mahmud, resides in Sarawak and is a member of Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party.
Born in Miri, Malaysia, and living in, Sarawak, Abdul Taid Mahmud, is a member of Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party.
Oladipo Diya was the predecessor of Mike Akhigbe, whose successor was Atiku Abubakar. Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was the Vice President.
Abdulsalami Abubakar served while Mike Akhigbe , who was preceded by Oladipo Diya, was Vice President. He was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, who served in the Nigerian Air Force, was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo, who was in office at the same time that Atiku Abubakar was Vice President.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain and worked as Minister of Transport.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain. He was in office during Monarch, Juan Carlos I of Spain's reign. Francisco Franco was Carlos' predecessor.
World War II had Chiang Kai-shek as a commander and United States Army soldier Abner W. Sibal.
Abraham A. Ribicoff once worked for the United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare office and was married to Chicago-born Casey Ribicoff.
Adam Holloway, a member of the UK Convservative Party, was born in Kent and graduated from Magdalene College, Cambridge.
Adam Koc fought in battles in the Polish-Soviet War and was awarded the Order of Polonia Restituta and the Cross of Valour for Poland.
Adam Koc, who was born in Congress in Poland, fought in the Polish Soviet War in which Leon Trotsky was a commander.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens (Greece), and worked as Minister for Health.
Born in West Germany, Agnes Kant worked at the Socialist Party in the Netherlands, and her alma mater is the Radboud University Nijmegen.
Agnes Kant; was born in Hessisch Oldendorf, worked at the House of Representatives in Netherlands, and her alma mater is the Radboud University Nijmegen.
Agnes Kant's nationality is the Netherlands. He worked at the House of Representatives there. Mark Rutte is a leader in the Netherlands.
Airey Neave, who was involved in the Battle of France, was awarded the Order of the British Empire and ended his career on 30th March 1979.
Airey Neave, who was involved in the Battle of France had a career between 4 March 1974 and 30 March 1979.
Airey Neave fought in World War II and was awarded the Military Cross before ending his career on 30 March 1979.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, United States, and died in New Mexico Territory.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst in the County of Tyrol and died in Graz.
Imst, in the County of Tyrol, was the birthplace of Alfons Gorbach, who died in Graz.
Allan Shivers, who worked as a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur), served in the Democratic Party in the US, where he was succeeded by Price Daniel.
Alvah Sabin, who was born on 23rd October 1793, in Georgia, Vermont, worked as the secretary of the State of Vermont.
Born in Georgia, Vermont, Alvah Sabin, was a member of the Whig Party of the United States. Daniel Webster is the leader of the Whig Party in the United States.
Abraham Lincoln was a commander in the American Civil War. Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg during the American Civil War.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria-Hungary and died in Austria, the leader of which, is Doris Bures.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst and died in Austria, where Doris Bures is a leader.
Robert E Lee was a commander in the American Civil War when the Battle of Cold Harbor took place. Aaron S Daggett fought in this battle.
Adam Koc is from Poland, where Polish is spoken and where Kashubians are an ethnic group.
A.C. Cesena, in the Serie B League, has 23900 members and is located is Cesena.
Massimo Drago played for the club SSD Potenza Calcio and his own club was Calcio Catania. He is currently managing AC Cesena.
AC Lumezzane has 4150 members and is in the Lega Pro/A league where they played in the 2014 season.
A.D. Isidro Metapán are at Estadio Jorge Calero Suárez whose full name is Isidro Metapan and has 10000 members.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece, where there are leaders called Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker who is with Drogheda United F.C and plays for Runcorn F.C. Halton.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker who was at Drogheda United FC and once played for Stockport County FC.
Stuart Parker is a member of the Iriam Town F.C. as well as the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool and has also represented the KV Mechelen club.
AFC Fylde has the full name "Association Football Club Fylde," they have 3180 members and their ground is located in Warton, Fylde.
Christian Panucci, who has been attached to the Genoa CFC and Real Madrid CF clubs, manages A.S. Livorno Calcio.
The "Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A." is the non-abbreviated name of A.S. Roma which has 70634 members and a home ground in Rome, Italy.
AEK Athens F.C. ground is in Athens, they have 69618 members and they compete in the Superleague Greece.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members play in the Hoofdklasse league and competed in the 2014 season.
AZAL PFK play their home matches at the AZAL Arena, and are in the Azerbaijan Premier League, who's championships name is the Qarabag FK.
Alkmaar Zaanstreek is the full name of AZ Alkmaar who played in the 2014 season and has 17023 members.
John van den Brom manages the AZ Alkmaar and plays for Vitesse Arnhem and De Graafschap.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play at their ground Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league. The champions of this league are Vila Nova Futebol Clube.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of this league.
St Vincent-St Mary High School is the ground of Akron Summit Assault who play in the Premier Development League, of which K-W United FC have been champions.
K-W United FC were champions of the Premier Development League where Akron Summit Assault (which has 3000 members) also play.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where Sergio Mattarella is a leader of the Italian people.
The ground for AEK Athens FC is the Olympic Stadium (Athens) in Athens whose mayor is Giorgos Kaminis.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in Switzerland. Its dean is Mario Botta and it has 600 students.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India and its motto is: "Nurturing Excellence".
B.M. Reddy is the president of the Acharya Institute of Technology, which is located in Bangalore, India.
The Acharya Insitute of Technology offers tennis and it was established in 2000. The tennis governing body is the International Tennis Federation.
AWH Engineering College is in India. Mumbai is the largest city in India. The river Ganges runs through India.
The leader of Romania is Prime Minister Klaus Lohannis. The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Romania.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. Its Latin name is "Universitas Apulensis". The patron saint of Romania is Andrew the Apostle.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis can be located by it's ISBN number "978-1-4165-4253-7". It is written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and was put in print.
Born in Burbank, California, Eric Flint wrote 1634: The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by 1634: The Baltic War.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion which has 512 pages and is available as an E-Book.
The hardcover book 1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce. et al., is 512 pages long and can be found as an E book.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems, or ACM Trans. Inf. Syst., is part of the academic Discipline of Computer Science and has an ISSN number of 1046-8188.
The ACM Transactions on Information Systems ISSN number is 1558-2868. It is part of the academic Discipline of Computer Science and abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst.
The AIDS journal was published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom where Elizabeth II is the leader.
A.T. Charlie Johnson, who lives in the US, is the editor of AIP Advances which is published by the American Institute of Physics.
AIP Advances, or AIP Adv., has a CODEN of AAIDBI and is edited by A. T. Charlie Johnson.
A Glastonbury Romance, which can be found in hardcover, has the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0 as well as the OCLC number 76798317.
A Long Long Way (followed by the book The Secret Scripture) is written in the English language, which is spoken in Great Britain.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States, which counts African Americans among its ethnic groups.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States where Barack Obama is the leader.
A Severed Wasp can be found in print with the OCLC number 8805735 and the Library of Congress Classification of PS3523.E55 S4 1982.
A Severed Wasp has an ISBN number of "0-374-26131-8" , 388 pages and can be found in print.
Diane Duane wrote A Wizard of Mars which was published in hardback and has the OCLC number 318875313.
Diane Duane wrote A Wizard of Mars which is published in hardcover and has the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2.
Above the Veil, from Australia, is the third book in a series after Aenir and Castle.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica, or Acta Math. Hungar., has a LCCN number of 83646315 and a ISSN number of 1588-2632.
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica ISSN number is "0236-5294" and the abbreviation is Acta Math. Hungar. It comes under the academic discipline of Math.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has the ISSN number 1732-2421 and an LCCN number of 60040714. The abbreviated name is Acta Palaeontol. Pol.
Addiction is the abbreviated version of the "Addiction Journal" which has the ISSN number 0965-2140.
Aenir, written by Garth Nix, was produced in print and has the OCLC number 45644811.
Aenir has the ISBN number of "0-439-17684-0", it was written by Garth Nix and was produced in print.
The American Journal of Mathematics, abbreviated to Am.J.Math, whose academic discipline is Mathematics has ISSN No. 1080-6377.
The American Journal of Mathematics was first published in 1878 and is also known by the abbreviated title of Am. J. Math. It has an ISSN number of 1080-6377.
Administrative Science Quarterly (Admin. Sci. Q) is published by SAGE Publications which was founded by Sara Miller McCune.
The AIDS (journal), is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins who are based in the United Kingdom which is where David Cameron is the leader.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and the African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
In the United States, English is the language, Asian Americans are an ethnic group and the book Alcatraz versus the Evil Librarians was written.
With a runway length of 1,121 metres, Abilene regional airport serves Abilene, Texas, in the United States.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, Spain, and operated by the Madrid-based ENAIRE.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located at Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE. The runway name is 18R/26L and is 3,500 in length.
Agra airport is in Uttar Pradesh, which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand, is located 167.94 metres above sea level.
Agra airport is located in Uttar Pradesh (led by Ram Naik) which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand.
Al Asad airbase is operated bt the United States Air Force which carried out the 1986 United States bombing of Libya. Its aircraft fighter is General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon and the Lockheed AC-130 can be found on USAF aircraft carriers.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who participated in the battles during Operation Enduring Freedom. They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 on their aircraft carriers and also make use of the aircraft fighter General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who deploy the Lockheed AC-130 as an attack aircraft and the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle as a fighter aircraft. They also fought in the battles of Operation Enduring Freedom.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who took part in the noted battles at the invasion of Grenada. They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon as an aircraft fighter.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority has headquarters at Jinnah International airport and governs the Allama Iqbal International Airport in Punjab, Pakistan which is led by the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab.
Alpena County Regional Airport serves Alpena, Michigan and is located at Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan. It has a runway length of 1533.0 and is 210 metres above sea level.
The city of Amsterdam is served by Amsterdam Airport Schiphol which is -3.3528 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 2014.0 meters and 06/24, Kaagbaan, is the runway name.
Andrews County Airport, Texas is in the United States. The inhabitants of Texas, Texans , speak English.
Andrews County airport is in Texas, United States, where the people are known as Texans and Spanish is spoken.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas in the United States. In Texas, the capital city is Austin and the largest city is Houston.
At 159 meters above sea level, Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo, part of Luanda Province, in Angola.
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish government, owned by the flemish region, has an elevation of 12.o metres above sea level, and it's runway length is 600.0.
Appleton International Airport is located in Wisconsin where Appleton is part of greenville,little chute and serves appleton.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a 3rd runway made of poaceae and is 34 metres above sea level. The runway name is 07/25 and has a length of 518.0.
Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is 34 meters above sea level and has a 3rd runway made of poaceae. The runway name is 03L/21R and is 1411.0 in length.
Ashgabat International Airport located in Ashgabat has a runway of length 2989.0 meters. The airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines and has an elevation of 211 metres above sea level.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International airport which is 23 metres above sea level. The runway name is 4/22 and it has a length of 3048.0.
Operated by ENAIRE (Madrid, Spain), the Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in San Sebastián de los Reyes.
Egg Harbor Township is in New Jersey, in the United States and is where Atlantic City International Airport is located. This airport has a runway length of 3048.0.
Poaceae, of the class Monocotyledon and the order of commelinids belongs to the division of flowering plants and is used as the surface of the second runway of Ardmore airport, New Zealand.
Aaron Bertram performs ska punk music and is an artist with the band Kids Imagine Nation and also the Suburban Legends band where Brian Robertson is the trombonist.
Psychedelia solo singer Aaron Deer is from Indianapolis, Indiana.
Electroacoustic musician Aaron Turner is in the Lotus Eaters and was with Old Man Gloom. He began his career in 1995.
Aaron Turner played with the band Twilight and now in the Lotus Eaters.He started performing in 1995 in the post-metal genre.
Aaron Turner started performing post-metal music in 1995. He played with Twilight and Old Man Gloom bands.
Aaron Turner played the electric guitar with Twilight. They play Black metal whose musical fusion is the Death metal.
Singer Aaron Turner is a Black Metal musician who performs for Mamiffer. Death Metal is a musical fusion of Black Metal.
Ace Wilder was born July 23, 1982 in Stockholm and is a solo singer.
Agustín Barboza, a Guarania music solo singer, was born in Asunción, Paraguay.
Al Anderson of the NRBQ band was born in Windsor, Connecticut and started his career in 1966.Previously he was a member of The Wildweeds.
Alan Frew is a performer of rock music, which originated from folk music. Bhangra is part of the fusion genre, partly coming from Rock music, along with the blues.
Solo rhythm and blues singer Albennie Jones was born in the U.S.A. in 1914.
Albennie Jones is a solo singer who played rhythm and blues music. That music type originates from blues music. Disco music comes from rhythm and blues sounds.
Singer and pop musician Aleksandra Kovac was born 1972, in Belgrade.
Serbian pop singer Aleksandra Kovač was born in Serbia in 1972.
Rhythm and blues performer Aleksandra Kovac was born in 1972 in Belgrade and is a solo singer.
Alex Day, who is associated with performer Charlie McDonnell, plays with the band Chameleon Circuit. He became active in 2006 and his speciality is electronic music.
Alex Day is the solo singer that uses the genre of stylistic origins Synthpop that is a derivative of the house music that comes from pop.
Folk musician Alison O'Donnell began in 1963 and is associated withHead South By Weaving and Mellow Candle.
Alison O'Donnell, who performs jazz, once was signed to Deram Records and another time to Fruits de Mer Records. London is the home to Deram Records.
Rock musician Anders Osborne has worked with the band Galactic and also with the musical artists Tab Benoit and Billy Iuso.
Anders Osborne, whose genre is rock music, is associated with Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars. He is also associated with Tab Benoit and the musical artist Billy Iuso.
The musicians Andrew Rayel is associated with both Bobina and Christian Burns. Andrew Rayel has performed the genre of Trance music which has its stylistic origins in pop music.
Andrew Rayel, who began his musical career in 2009, plays trance music. He has worked with Christian Burns and the musical artist Jonathan Mendelsohn.
Andrew Rayel's musical genre is Trance which has its stylistic origins in pop music. He is associated with the musician Jwaydan Moyine, who, is associated with the musical artist John Digweed.
Andrew White is a musician who plays for the band Kaiser Chiefs and is signed to the record label Polydor Records. He started his musical career in 2003 and is associated with the musical artist, Marry Banilow.
Agustin Barboza died in Asuncion, part of Gran Asunción, in Paraguay, the country led by Juan Afara.
Andrew Rayel is associated with artists such as Armin van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns (house music), Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, Greater Manchester, England. The Labour Party is in the majority in Manchester.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, a city located in Uruguay. The leader of Uruguay is Tabaré Vázquez and the people that live in the country are referred to as Uruguayans.
Alan Bean (of the United States) was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 12 under the commander David Scott.
Alan Shepard, who was born in New Hampshire on November 18th, 1923, graduated with a M.A. from NWC in 1957 and retired on August 1st, 1974.
American test pilot Alan Shepard died in California and was born in New Hampshire.
Alan Shepard was a test pilot born in New Hampshire who NASA picked as a member of Apollo 14.
The backup pilot to Apollo 12 was Alfred Worden and also part of Apollo 12 were Alan Bean and commander David Scott who were all chosen by NASA.
Buzz Aldrin is a national of the United States whose leader is Joe Biden. He was born in Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey.
Elliot See, a graduate of University of Texas at Austin, was born in Dallas on July 23, 1927, and died in St. Louis.
Elliot See attended the University of Texas in Austin. He became a test pilot. He died in St. Louis on 1966-02-28.
Elliot See attended the University of Texas in Austin which is affiliated to the University of Texas system. He died in St Louis which is part of the Kingdom of France.
Elliot See was born on July 23rd, 1927 in Dallas, and died in St. Louis on February 28th, 1966.
The members of Apollo 8 were Buzz Aldrin who was backup pilot, commander Frank Borman and William Anders who retired on September 1st, 1969.
Abel Hernandez belongs to Abel Hernandezand club Penarol. He also plays for, Steve Bruce managed, Hull City A.F.C.
Abel Hernández, who was a member of youth club Peñaro, plays for the club, U.S. Città di Palermo. The club is managed by Giuseppe Iachini and play in the Serie A league.
Adam McQuaid was originally drafted to the Columbus Blue Jackets out of Columbus, Ohio. He nows plays with the Boston Bruins whose general manager is Don Sweeney.
Akeem Ayers was born on 10th July 1989. He made his debut for the Tennessee Titans and used to play for the New England Patriots.
Akeem Dent, who used to play for Houston Texans, was born on 27 September 1987 in Atlanta, Georgia.
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC which is located at Al Khor and managed by Amar Osim. The Shabab Al-Ordon club is associated with Alaa Abdul-Zahra.
Alan Martin played football for Clyde F.C., the manager of which, is Barry Ferguson. Alan Martin also played football for Accrington Stanley F.C., which have their ground in Accrington.
Alan Martin is a footballer who is 185.42 cm in height and was born on 1 January 1989. He plays for both Hamilton Academical FC and Crewe Alexandra FC.
Alan Martin is a member of Motherwell FC, with its grounds in Fir Park. He also belongs to Clyde FC club, managed by Barry Ferguson.
Aleksandre Guruli's club is FC Samtredia who play their home games at Erosi Manjgaladze stadium. Mr. Guruli also once played for the FC Dinamo Batumi that is managed by Levan Khomeriki.
Jean-Michel Aulas is the chairman of Olympique Lyonnais which play their home games at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais. Aleksandre Guruli, whose club is Olympique Lyonnais, used to play for FC Karpaty Lviv.
Alex Plante, who played for the club Anyang Halla, was born on May 9th 1989, in Brandon, Manitoba.
Alex Plante was born in Canada where the anthem is, O Canada. Elizabeth II is the leader of Canada where Black Canadians are one of the ethnic groups.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada whose national anthem is called O Canada and its leader is Elizabeth II. Slavey is spoken in Canada.
Alan Martin is a footballer for the Clyde FC club but currently plays for Barrow A.F.C. Barry Ferguson i the manager of Clyde F.C. who play at the Broadwood Stadium.
Aleksandre Guruli is a member of FC Karpaty Lviv, managed by Oleh Luzhny. He is also a member of FC Samtredia, with its grounds at Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium.
Valery Petrakov is the manager of FC Torpedo Moscow and its chairman is Aleksandr Tukmanov. Aleksandr Chumakov plays for the club which spent the 2014-15 season in the Russian Premier League.
Akeem Dent debuted with the Atlanta Falcons in Atlanta city. He played prior to this for the Houston Texans which is owned by Bob McNair.
Aaron Hunt played for the Bundesliga's SV Werder Bremen. He now plays for the club SV Werder Bremen II, where Viktor Skrypnyk is the manager.
Cyril Ramaphosa is one of the leaders of South Africa, which capital is Cape Town. The address, 11 Diagonal Street is located in that country and one of the the ethnic groups is Asian South Africans.
With the capital of Cape Town, South Africa is the location of 11 Diagonal Street and has the ethnic groups of Asian South Africans and white South Africans.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio which is governed by Cleveland City Council.
Construction beginning in January 2014, Postmodern art 250 Delaware Avenue has 12 floors with a total area of 30843.8 square meters.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, DuPage County, Illinois, United States where the leader is Susana Mendoza.
3 Arena is located in Dublin, the Republic of Ireland, where Críona Ní Dhálaigh was Lord Mayor. The owner of 3Arena is Live Nation Entertainment.
Live Nation Entertainment owns 3Arena, located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. The Lord Mayor of Dublin is Críona Ní Dhálaigh.
AC Hotel Bella Sky is located in Copenhagen, Denmark and the tenant from the hotel is Marriott International. It is own by Bella Center and there is 23 floors in that hotel.
The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is Marriott International. The hotel has 23 floors, was designed by the company 3XN and is owned by the Bella Center.
Construction began in 1927 and finished in 1931 of Adisham Hall in Sri Lanka and was in the Tudor and Jacobean style.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka which has the capital city of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte . Tamil is the language of the country.
Construction of Adisham Hall in Sri Lanka began in 1927 and ended in 1931. It was built in the Tudor Revival architectural style.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture, Akita, Japan. One of the ethnic groups of Japan is the Filipinos.
The Mason School of Business is located in the US and they are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall. Robert A.M. Stern is the architect for Alan B. Miller Hall, which is situated in Virginia.
Situated in Virginia, United States,, Alan B. Miller Hall was completed on 1st June 2009. The current tenants are the Mason School of Business.
Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders in India where Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad.
The address for Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road, Gujarat, Ahmedabad, India.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. T S Thakur was an Indian leader.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka, where the currency is the Ski Lankan rupee. One of the leaders of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
San Francisco born architect Julia Morgan designed many significant buildings including the Asilomar Conference Grounds, the Los Angeles Herald Examiner Building and the Asilomar State Beach.
Born in California, Julia Morgan has designed buildings such as Los Angeles Herald Examiner building and The Riverside Art Museum, and was also the architect of the grounds of Asilomar Conference.
Asser Levy Public Baths are in New York City, U.S. which is part of Manhattan. New York City was part of New Netherland.
The architect John Madin was the designer of 103 Colmore Row, which is located in his home city of Birmingham. Labour politician, John Clancy is the leader of Birmingham and the city has the postal code 'B'.
Addis Ababa, Ethiopia is home to Addis Ababa Stadium and the Addis Ababa City Hall. The name of the leader in Ethiopia is Malatu Teshome.
The leader of the US is known as the President and the capital city is Washington DC. One of the country's leaders if Paul Ryan and it is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue.
19255 1994 VK8 has a mass of 5.6 kgs, oribital period of 8788850000, periapsis of 615591000000, and an epoch of the 31st of December, 2006.
(19255) 1994 VK8 has an orbital period of 8788850000.0 and a periapsis of 6155910000000.0. Its epoch is on 31 December 2006 and it has an escape velocity of 0.0925 kilometres per second.
(66063) 1998 RO1 has an epoch date of 2013-11-04 and an orbital period of 360.29 days. Its escape velocity is 0.0999 km/sec and it has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres.
66063 1998 RO1 has an epoch date of 4 November 2013. It's mean temperature is 265.0 kelvins and it has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres. 360.29 days is the orbital period of this celestial body.
The epoch of 1001 Gaussia (formerly known as 1923 OAA907 XC) is 31 July 2016. It was discovered by Sergey Belyavsky and has a periapsis of 419113394.55312 (kilometres).
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson, a Canadian, on December 31, 2006. He died in Madison, Wisconsin.
1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade who graduated from University of Gottingen. He was born in Germany and died in Gottingen.
Walter Baade, who was born in Preubisch Oldendorf, discovered 1036 Ganymed. He studied at The university of Gottingen, and his doctoral student was Halton Arp.
Canadian, James Craig Watson, who died in Madison, Wisconsin, was the discoverer of 103 Hera, which has an epoch date of, August 27th 2011.
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson. He was a Canadian national who died in Madison, Wisconsin of peritonitis.
107 Camilla was discovered by E Wells and has an epoch date of 31 December 2006. It has an apoapsis of 560937000.0 kilometres and a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres.
N.R. Pogson was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai.He discovered the 107 Camilla asteroid on the 1st March 2001.
1097 Vicia has a mass of 9.8 kgs and an epoch date of Jan. 13, 2016. It has an orbital period of 135589000. and a periapsis measurement of 279142000000.0.
1099 Figneria has a mass of 2.7 kg and an orbital period of 179942000.0. It has a periapsis of 349206000000.0 and an epoch date of 31st December 2006.
Abilene is part of Texas in the United States.Washington, D.C. is the capital of the U.S and English is its official language.
Albany, Georgia, is located within the United States where the inhabitants are called Americans.One of the ethnic groups in the United States are the African Americans.
Albany is part of Georgia, in the United States. the country where English is spoken, and one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans.
Albany is a city in Oregon, where the capital is Salem. Albany is located in the United States, where there is an ethnic group called African Americans.
Albuquerque, in New Mexico, has a total are of 490.9 square kilometres and a land area of 486.2 square kilometres. It has a population density of 1142.3 people per square kilometers, and the area codes are 505 and 575.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas, in the United States, the capital of which, is Washington, D.C.
Anaheim, California in the U.S. is led by the California State Assembly and is part of Orange County which forms part of the Greater L.A. area.
Angola is part of Pleasant Township in Steuben County, Indiana, in the U.S. and is 16.55 square kilometres in size.
Angola is in Steuben County, Indiana and that's in the U.S. where people are known as Americans and is also home to Native Americans.
The total area of Antioch, California is 75.324 square km and uses UTC offset of -7.It has a total population of 102372 inhabitants and its area code is 925.
Attica is part of Logan Township, Fountain County in Indiana. It has a total area of 4.14 sq km and a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per sq km.
Attica is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, Indiana and has 783.1 inhabitants for each of the 4.14 square kilometres it covers.
The population density, of Attica, Fountain County, Indiana in the USA is 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre. It has an area of 4.14 SqKm.
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama which is located in the United States where you can also find asian americans.
Auburn is in Pierce County, Washington in the U.S. It's total area is 77.41 sq. km.
Auburn is located in Pierce County, Washington in the U.S.The capital city of the United States is Washington DC.
Washington DC is the capital of the United States where Auburn is to be found. It is part of both King County and Pierce County in Washington.
Austin in Texas has a population of 1296.65 people per square kilometer, a land area of 686 square kilometres, a total area of 703.95 square kilometres and the area code of Austin (Texas), is 512.
Antioch, Contra Costa County is part of the San Francisco Bay region of, spanish speaking, California.
Anderson (United States), is located in Adams Township, Madison County, Indiana, the capital of which is, Indianapolis.
Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana, United States. Anderson, Indiana is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana.
Albany is part of Linn County in Oregon, United States. The capital of the US is Washington DC and Native Americans are among the ethnic groups of the country.
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States of America. The capital of which, is Washington, D.C. Also in the U.S., is Akron, which is located within Summit County, Ohio.
The people inhabiting the United States are known as Americans and include the ethnic group of Native Americans. The country is the location of Albany, a city in Dougherty County, Georgia.
Akron is located in the United States in Summit County, Ohio. The inhabitants of the country are known as Americans and include the ethnic group of Asian Americans.
English is the language of the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group and where Angola, Steuben County, Indiana is located.
The United States House of Representatives is part of the United States Congress and leads Anaheim, California. It is located within the US where the English language is spoken.
Tim Brooke-Taylor was the star of Bananaman, an STV series first aired on 10/03/1983 and created by Steve Bright.
Dan Mishkin and the Puerto Rican national, Ernie Colon created the comic character of Bolt who has the alternative name of Larry Bolatinsky.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 that stars Damon Wayans Jr. The character was created by the American, Duncan Rouleau.
Baymax, a character in Big Hero 6, starring Jamie Chung, was created by Duncan Rouleau, an American.
Big Hero 6 starred May Rudolph and the character of Baymax who was created by the American, Duncan Rouleau.
Bread, almonds, garlic, water, and olive oil are the main ingredients in Ajoblanco, a food which originates from Andalusia, in Spain.
Water is an ingredient in Ajoblanco, also known as Ajo blanco, a dish that comes from Andalusia Spain.
Lemper, a dish variation of Arem-Arem contains Banana leaf in which is cooked compressed rice with vegetables or minced meat fillings and is a form of Javanese cuisine.
Arem-arem is a food that is found nationwide in Indonesia, but more specific to Java, it can be served as a main course and has a banana leaf in it. It's main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
Arrabbiata sauce originates from the region of Rome in Italy. It is made with tomatoes, red chili, garlic and olive oil.
Arros Negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain. The main ingredients of Arros negre are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, and cubanelle peppers.
The main ingredients of Arròs negre, which is from Spain, are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle and cubanelle peppers. Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region.
Arros negre is a traditonal dish from the Valencian Community, Spain. It has the main ingredients of white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubnelle peppers.
Asam pedas is found in the region of Sumatra and Malay peninsula in Malaysia. It can also be called Asam padeh and its ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Sumatra. Malaysian Malay is an ethnic group in Malaysia and Sumatra has an ethnic group called the Minangkabau people.
The Bacon Explosion comes from the Kansas city metro area in the U.S. The main ingredient in it is bacon and also includes sausage.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where one of the leaders is Paul Ryan. It is also where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups and Washington, D.C. is the capital.
Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK, have a variant called a BLT, include the ingredient bacon and sometimes go by the name of: bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin.
Bacon sandwich is a dish from the United Kingdom and a variation is the BLT. An ingredient used is brown sauce and it's different names include Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin.
From the United Kingdom, the bacon sandwich's main ingredients are bread and bacon and a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce. It can also be known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
Baked Alaska has the main ingredients of meringue, ice cream and sponge cake (or Christmas pudding). It is found in France, the US, China, Hong Kong, New York and Paris.
Baked Alaska comes from either Paris, New York USA or Hong Kong. Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding are main ingredients in baked Alaska.
The bakewell tart is popular in the Derbyshire Dales area which is part of Derbyshire. It's a variant of bakewell pudding and uses frangipane.
Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding that originates from the Derbyshire Dales. It is a dessert that has the main ingredients of ground almond, jam, butter and eggs.
From the Derbyshire Dales region (in Derbyshire), isBakewell pudding. A variation of which, is Bakewell tart, its main ingredient is shortcrust pastry.
Bandeja paisa is a Colombian dish from the Paisa region. Its main ingredients include red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
Batagor is an Indonesian food and a variation of the Siomay dish.It contains a fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut suace.
Batagor is found in the country of Indonesia. It is a variation on Siomay or Shumai, the latter of which includes Shiitake.
Beef kway teow is found in the countries of Indonesia and Singapore. Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, palm sugar, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil are main ingredients in beef kway teow.
The Indonesian dish Beef kway teow is popular nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia. Its ingredients include kway teow, beef tenderloin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Beef kway teow is a dish found in Indonesia and Singapore. Its main ingredients are Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Bhajji comes from the country India and has Gram flour and vegetables as its main ingredients. Bhaji and bajji are alternative names for Bhajji.
Bhajji comes from the Karnataka region of India. Narendra Modi is a leader in India and Vajubhai Vala is also a leader.
Bhajji comes from the country India in the Karnataka region where the leaders are Sumitra Mahajan and Vajubhai Vala.
Bhajji are found in the region of Karnataka; it originates from India. TS Thakur is the leader of India and Narendra Modi is also a leader.
Binignit comes from the Visayas region of the Philippines.Its main ingredients are sweet potato and coconut milk.
Bionico is a food found in Guadalajara, Mexico. Sour cream, chopped fruits, condensed milk. granola, raisins and shredded coconut are the main ingredients in Bionico.
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico, whose leader is Enrique Pena Nieto. Sandash is a nice confectionary dessert.
Indonesian language is the language spoken in Indonesia, Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia, Bakso is a food that can be found in Indonesia and is also made in China.
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce in Italy. The country where Rome is the capital, the language is Italian and Laura Boldrini is the leader.
Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are the leaders of Italy. The capital is Rome and Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce.
The Banyumasan are an ethnic group from Java which has ayam penyet as one of its foods. Ayam penyet is a food dish from Singapore where English is also spoken.
There is an ethnic group from Java, a region of Singapore, called the Banyumasan people. Ayam penyet is a dish from the region. The leader, Halimah Yacob, a leader, is from Singapore.
Zamboangans are a group in the Philippines and the Chinese Filipino are also an ethnic group in the Philippines, the language in the Philippines is Philippine Spanish, Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines.
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain whose leader is Felipe VI and Euro is its currency. Spaniards are the ethnic group of Spain.
The 1955 Dodge is made by the Dodge company and has a V8 engine, a 3-speed automatic transmission and a wheelbase of 120 inches.
The 1955 Dodge, the Chrysler Newport and the DeSoto Custom are related means of transportation. DeSoto are the manufacturers of the DeSoto Custom, the successor of which, is the DeSoto Firedome.
The length of the AIDAluna ship beam is 32.2 and it is 252000.0 millimetres long. It is powered by Caterpillar Inc. and had its maiden voyage on the 22nd of March, 2009.
AIDAstella is 253260.0 millimetres long and has a beam of 32.2 metres. AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and is owned by Costa Crociere.
Costa Crociere is the owner of the AIDAstella which is 25326.0 millimetres long. It was built by Meyer Werft and operated by AIDA Cruise Line.
The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and is 253260.0 millimetres long. It is still in service and operated by the AIDA Cruise Line.
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3 and it was produced between May 1950 and August 1956. It's length is 17068.8 millimetres and it has a V12 engine.
AMC Matador is also known as American Motors Matador and is assembled in Thames,New Zealand. It's body style is station wagon and it's equipped with an AMC V8 engine.
The AMC Matador is a mid-size car also known as American Motors Matador, and was assembled in Thames, New Zealand with an AMC straight-6 engine.
The AMC Matador is considered a full-size car and has the alternative name of VAM Classic. It is assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria and has an AMC straight-6 engine.
The AMC Matador has a station wagon style body and is equipped with an AMC V8 engine. Its alternative name is VAM Classic and it is assembled in Thames, New Zealand.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe is a 2 door coupe which has a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres and contains a straight four engine. The car was last manufactured in 1958.
Acura TLX is assembled at the Marysville Auto Plant, has a front engine design with a Honda K engine and is a luxury vehicle.
The icebreaker ship Aleksey Chirikov was built by the Archtech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland with a length of 99.83 and a ship beam of 21.2.
The in service icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard. in Finland. It has a ship beam of 21.2 m.
Finland built the Aleksey Chirikov, icebreaker which has a 21.2 ship beam and was made in Helsinki. It is currently working.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki, Finland. The leaders of the country are Sauli Niinisto and Juha Sipila.
The Alfa Romeo 164, which is assembled in Italy and similar to the Saab 9000 and the Lancia Thema, has a straight-four engine.
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy, has a straight-four engine; the Alfa Romeo 164 is similar to the Fiat Croma and is related to Lancia Thema.
American motors was acquired by Chrysler. It was succeed by Eagle, and manufactures AMC Matador.
The American submarine NR-1 was launched on The 25th of January 1969. It has a top speed of 8.334 km/h, a ship beam of 3.8 m., and is 45000.0 (millimetres) long.
Yuzhnoye Design Office made the Antares Rocket which was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport made its first flight on the 21st of April, 2013 and its last on the 28th of October of the following year.
The Aston Martin V8 is related to the Aston Martin DBS and the Aston Martin RHAM/1. The Aston Martin V8 has a 5.3 litre engine and is assembled in the United Kingdom.
The Audi A1 is assembled at Audi Brussels and has the hatchback style of body. It has a 1.2 litre engine and a 5 speed manual transmission.
Audi, owned by Ducati, was founded by August Horch and includes Audi e-tron. It makes the Audi A1.
The owner of AIDAluna is Rostock based AIDA Cruises. AIDAluna is powered by Caterpillar Inc, which was founded in California.
The power type of the AIDAluna is the Caterpillar Inc. engine. Caterpillar, Inc. was founded in Illinois in the U.S. and Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person there.
The launch site of the Delta II was at the Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2, based at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. The Antares rocket is comparable to Delta 11 which originated in the US>.
The American Submarine NR-1 has a ship beam of 3.8 m and was built by General Dynamics Electric Boat. General Dynamics is the parent company of the General Dynamics Electric Boat Co which is located in the city of Groton, Connecticut.
Neptun Werft built the A-Rosa Luna and is located in Rostock in Germany. Andreas Voßkuhle is a leader of Germany.
The ALV X-1 came from United States. The capital city of the country is Washington D.C. and its national anthem is the Star Spangled Banner. White Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
Adams County, Pennsylvania has Carroll County, Maryland to its southeast and Pennsylvania's Cumberland County is to the north of the Adams County. The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in Adams County of the municipality of Gettysburg Pennsylvania. .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is a Contributing Property located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, with Franklin County to its west and Carroll County, Maryland to its southeast.
Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan is the location of the Turkish Martyrs memorial dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army killed in the Battle of Baku. The memorial was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner.
Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan and the leader of the legislature (the National Assembly) is Artur Rasizade. Azerbaijan is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial.
The red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku, and is located in Baku, Azerbaijan, where the leader is Artur Rasizade.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, which is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku, is located in Azerbaijan, where the official leader (Prime Minister of Azerbaijan) is called Artur Rasizade.
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury. He fought in the American Civil War and was awarded the Purple Heart.
Born in Maine, Aaron S. Daggett; fought in the Battle of the Wilderness, was awarded the Purple Heart, and died in West Roxbury.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and graduated from Leiden University. He belongs to the Christian Democratic Appeal party and worked as a Member of the House of Representatives.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and he lives in Kuching. His party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and he represented Asajaya.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and who lived in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak, represented Kota Samarahan and was a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.
Japanese occupied British Borneo was the birthplace of Adenan Satem, who succeeded Abdul Taib Mahmud. Abdul Taib Mahmud resides in Kuching, and his party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.
Adenan Satem was born in Japanese Occupied British Borneo. His successor was Abdul Taib Mahmud, who, resides in Sarawak and is a member of the "Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak" party.
Born in Spain, Abel Caballero was in office while Felipe González was Prime Minister. That was also when Juan Carlos I of Spain, successor to Francisco Franco, was Monarch.
Abel Caballero; was born in Spain, belongs to the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party, and worked as a Member of the Congress of Deputies.
Ponteareas, Spain, is the birthplace of Albel Caballero, a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party, who, was the Minister of Transport.
Born in Ridgewood, Queens, Abner W. Sibal was a member of the Republican party of the United States. Abner W. Sibal was a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District and was the predecessor to, Donald J. Irwin.
John N Dempsey's predecessor Abraham A Ribicoff was born in the United States, worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare and died in New York City.
Adam Holloway, born in Faversham, in Kent, England, served in the Grenadier Guards and was involved in the battles of the Gulf War under the commander, Colin Powell.
Pole Adam Koc fought in the Polish–Soviet War. A commander of that war was Joseph Stalin and one of the languages spoken in Poland is Kashubian.
Adam Koc is a national of Poland where the language used is Polish. He was involved in battles of the Polish-Soviet war during which Joseph Stalin was a commander.
Adam Koc was born in Poland and fought in the Polish-Soviet war. Leon Trotsky was the commender in this war.
Adam Koc, born in Congress Poland, was involved in battles in the Polish–Soviet War. Joseph Stalin was a commander at the Polish-Soviet War, which was a conflict within the Russian Civil War.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and worked for the Ministry of Economy, Development and Tourism in Greece. He was succeeded by Makis Voridis.
Adonis Georgiadis, a member of the Greek New Democracy Party (the party's colour is blue), was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister. Konstantinos Mitsotakis was the successor to Antonis Samaras.
Born in Knightsbridge, Airey Neave; began his career on March 4th 1974, fought in the Battle of France, and ended his career on 30th March 1979.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, England and fought in World War Two. He started his career on June 30th, 1953 and ended it on March 30th, 1979.
Born, 22nd September 1856, Albert B. White died on the 1941-07-03, in Parkersburg, West Virgininia.
Staten Island (New York) is the birth place of Albert Jennings Fountain who died in Dona Ana County, New Mexico, in the United States.
Alberto Teisaire, born on May 20, 1891, was a Rear Admiral originating from Mendoza, Argentina. He preceded Isaac Rojas.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria-Hungary, in Imst and died in Styria, in Austria.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria, Hungary in the state of Tyrol. He died in Styria in Graz.
Connecticut born Alfred N Phillips, who served in the US Army, fought in the battle called Whiskey Rebellion. He was later a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas and served in the Democratic Party in the U.S. He worked as the Governor of Texas and was succeeded by, Price Daniel.
The largest city in Vermont is Burlington and Alvah Sabin represented Vermont because he belongs to the Whig Party (United States). Daniel Webster was a leader of the Whig Party in the United States.
Alvah Sabin was from Vermont where the largest city is Burlington. He represented Vermont's 3rd Congressional District and eventually died in Sycamore, Illinois.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S. where in New Britain, Connecticut, Abraham A Ribicoff was born. U.S. Abraham A. Ribicoff's spouse is Ruth Ribicoff.
The full name of A.C. Chievo Verona is Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. and their home ground in Verona, Italy holds 39371 fans. The club played the 2014-15 season in Serie A.
Italian born Rolando Maran manages Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona. He is also in the Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D. club as well as playing for Carrarese Calcio.
Michele Marcolini, manager of A.C. Lumezzane, was born in Italy, owns Torino F.C. And has been associated with F.C. Bari 1908.
Greece, led by Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis is the location of A.E. Dimitra Efxeinoupolis, where the language is greek.
The full name of the Italian club AS Gubbio 1910 is "Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl". They played in the 2014 season and they have 5300 members.
The fullname of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl and they competed in the 2014 season. Their ground is called the Stadio Pietro Barbetti and they have 5300 members.
The fullname of A.S. Livorno Calcio is Livorno Calcio S.p.A. and their home ground is the Stadio Armando Picchi. They competed in Serie B during the 2014-15 season and has 19238 members.
A.S. Roma's fullname is Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. and they have 70634 members. Their ground is in Rome and the club played in Serie A in 2014-15.
AZAL PFK play their home matches at the AZAL Arena in Azerbaijan and they compete in the Azerbaijan Premier League where Qarabag FK are champions.
AZAL PRK, known as the Qarabag FK in the Azerbaijan Premier League is located in AZAL Arena and has 3500 members.
John van den Brom plays for AFC Ajax and Istanbulspor A.S. He manages AZ Alkmaar which is owned by Robert Eenhoorn.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, which has the nickname Asa Gigante, play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league from Brazil. The league was previously won by Vila Nova Futebol Clube.
Brazilian football team Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play their football in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league. Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C is a Brazilian league. Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense competed in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. The Vila Nova Futebol Clube were the winners at the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C.
3000 member strong Akron Summit Assault, fullname "Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault", play in the 2011 PDL season. Denzil Antonio was previously their manager.
The Akron Summit Assault team is based in Akron, Ohio, United States. They play in the Premier Development League, which has been won by K-W United FC.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the capital is Rome, the leader is Sergio Mattarella and the language spoken is Italian.
The capital of Italy is Rome and the leader is Pietro Grasso. The Italian language is spoken in the country which is the location of the home ground of AS Gubbio 1910.
The "Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A." is the non-abbreviated name of A.S. Roma with their ground in Stadio Olimpico. A.S. Roma play in Serie A whose current champions are Juventus F.C..
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland has a staff of 100, the dean is named Mario Botta.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in Switzerland in 1996. It has 600 students. The leader of Switzerland is the Federal Chancellor.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio (Dean - Mario Botta) was established in 1996, has an academic staff of 100 and is located in the city of Mendrisio.
Acharya Institute of Technology has an affiliation with Visvesvaraya Technological University (Belgaum) and was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education, which is located in Mumbai.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radharkrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090, India. It has 700 postgraduate students.
The Acharya Institute of Technology (Director - Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar), is located in India, was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania (capital Bucharest). The leader of Romania is Klaus lohannis and the ethnic group is Germans of Romania.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Denmark and affiliated to the European University Association. It was established in 1928 and it has 737 academic staff.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 in Denmark. It has an academic staff of 737 and a student body of 16000.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by 1634: The Baltic War (author: David Weber) and followed by Ring of Fire II which is written in English.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Virginia DeMarce and has 512 pages. It can be found as an ebook and has the ISBN number of 1-4165-2060-0.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott, Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom. The capital of the country is London and it's leader is Elizabeth II.
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J. V. Jones and is available in print. Th book which has the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6. It also has the OCLC number 51969173.
Published by Viking Press, the Irish novel A Long Long Way was preceded by Annie Dunne and followed by The Secret Scripture.
A Severed Wasp is available in print, with The Library of Congress Classification PS3523.E55 S4 1982. Its ISBN number is 0-374-26131-8, and its OCLC number is 8805735.
English is spoken in Great Britain and is the language used in A Severed Wasp. The book originates from the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group,.
A Severed Wasp was published in hardback and has 388 pages. The OCLC number of A Severed Wasp is 8805735 and the ISBN number of "0-374-26131-8".
A Wizard of Mars, written by Diane Duane, is available in hardcover, has the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2 and the OCLC number 318875313.
The Addiction journal concerns the topic of Addiction and has the LCCN number 93645978. The abbreviated name is "Addiction" and the ISSN number is 1360-0443.
Cornell University in Ithaca, New York is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly. The University is affiliated with the Association of American Universities.
The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written in English and comes from the United States where the capital city is Washington DC and the African Americans are an ethnic group.
The American Journal of Mathematics is abbreviated to Am. J. Math. and comes under the discipline of Math. It is published bimonthly and has the ISSN number 1080-6377.
The academic discipline of the American Journal of Mathematics is Mathematics, published in 1878.
English is the language in Great Britain and the United States. A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States.
The language of the United States and Great Britain is English. The United States has an ethnic group called Asian Americans and is where A severed Wasp originates from.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States where one of the ethnic groups are the Native Americans. The English language is spoken in the US as well as Great Britain.
In the United Kingdom, the Prime Minister is David Cameron and the queen is Elizabeth II. The AIDS journal was published in the United Kingdom by Lippincott, Williams & Wilkins.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United states where African American is an ethnic group and English is spoken like in Great Britain.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States. That country has an ethnic group called Asian Americans and they speak English, same as in Great Britain.
A severed Wasp originates from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama. The English language is spoken in the US where one of the ethnic groups is African American.
With a runway length of 2194.0, Abilene regional airport serves Abiliene, part of Jones County, Texas, in the United States.
Serving the city of Abilene in Texas, is Abilene Regional Airport. It has the ICAO location identifier KABI and the runway name 17R/35L. The airport is 546 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2194.0.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is operated by ENAIRE and can be found in Madrid.The airport is situated 610.0 meters above sea level and has a 4,349 kilometers long runway whose name is 14L/32R.
Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh Bundelkhand, it's ICAO location identifier is VIAG. the leader of Utterar Pradesh is Ram Naik.
Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. It is the location of Agra airport which has the native name of Kheria Air Force Station.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force. Some of its aircraft include the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III (transport aircraft), General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon (aircraft fighter), and the Lockheed AC-130 which can be found on USAF aircraft carriers. The USAF was involved in the Invasion of Panama.
The United States Air Force has fought in the Korean War. It is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase. It has a Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft and additionally, the Lockheed AC-130 can be found on USAF aircraft carriers. McDonnell Douglas F- Eagle was a Fighter Aircraft of the United States Air Force.
The transport aircraft for the United States Air Force is the Lockheed C-130 Hercules. And Lockheed AC-130 can be found on USAF aircraft carriers. Both the Korean War and the Invasion of Grenda involved the United States Air Force which currently operates the Al Asad Airbase.
The Invasions of Grenada and Panama in involved the United States Air Force which now operates the Al Asad airbase. The Air Force has several types of aircraft such as the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft and the Lockheed AC-130 which can be found on USAF aircraft carriers.
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Punjab Pakistan and serves Lahore, Pakistan. The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority governs the Allama Iqbal International Airport. The country is led by Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport. The airport serves the city of Lahore, in Pakistan where Shehbaz Sharif is the leader, It is also where the Allama Iqbal International Airport is found, in Punjab, Pakistan.
Located in Texas, and serving Andrews, is Andrews County Airport. The airport is 973.0 above sea level, has a runway length of 896, and a runway with the name 11/29.
Andrews County Airport is in Texas in the U.S.A. where Spanish is one of the languages spoken. Houston is the largest city in the state and its capital is Austin.
Houston is the largest city in Texas, where Austin is the Capital city. Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and Some texans can speak Spanish.
The Angola International Airport is in Ícolo e Bengo, (Luanda Province), The airport serves Luanda, and is 159 metres above sea level.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Luanda, Angola. The runway is 4000ft long and is 159m a.s.l.
The Flemish department of Mobility and Public Works is the operating organisation of Antwerp International Airport which is owned by the Flemish Region. The airport serves the city of Antwerp, is 12.0 metres above sea level, and has a runway length of 600.0.
The city of Appleton is served by Appleton International Airport located 280 metres above sea level in Greenville, Wisconsin. The runway at the airport is 3/21 and is 2439 in length.
The city of Appleton is served by Appleton International Airport in Greenville (part of Menasha), Clayton Winnebago County, Wisconsin, United States.
Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority and is 34 metres above sea level. It has a runway named 03R/21L which is 1,411 long and its third runway has a poaceae surface.
Turkmenistan Airlines operates Ashgabat International Airport in Ashgabat. The airport is 211 metres above sea level, has the runway length of 2989.0 and 12R/30L is the runway name.
Atlantic City International Airport has a runway length of 1,873 and is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. It is situated 23 metres above sea level, has the runway name of 4/22 and is known by the ICAO location identifier KACY.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp which is Belgium. Two of the leaders of which, are Charles Michel and Philippe of Belgium. In Belgium, one of the languages is German.
Atlantic City International Airport is 23 metres above sea level and is located in Egg Harbor Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.
The runway length at Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport located in Madrid, part of the community of Madrid in Spain, is 3500.0 . The airport is 610 metres above sea level.
Aaron Bertram is a ska punk musician, a genre that originated from punk rock. He is an artist with Kids Imagine Nation and also plays for Suburban Legends Band. Brian Robertson plays the trombone for Suburban Legends.
American Aaron Deer is an Indie rock musician from Indiana. He has a background as a solo singer and was part of the band Wee Giant.
Aaron Turner is an electric guitar player for the black metal genre who has performed for House of Low Culture and Mamiffer. Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal.
Black metal musician Aaron Turner, who plays the electric guitar, has been part of the bands Twilight and Greymachine. Black metal has a musical fusion called Death metal.
Aaron Turner was born in Massachusetts and started performing in 1995. He formerly played with the band Twilight and is now in the Lotus Eaters. He is is closely associated with the sludge metal genre.
The musician Abradab originates from Katowice, Poland, and he started performing in 1994. He played with the band Kaliber 44 and is associated with the rapper Magik.
Ace Wilder has a musical background as a solo singer was born on July 23rd, 1982, in Sweden.
Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion,Paraguay and he is ethnic mestizo.Spanish is the official language of Paraguay and Juan Afara is the leader of the country.
Disco derives from rhythm and blues which originated from the blues. Rhythm and blues is the musical genre of Ahmet Ertegun who died in the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group.
Ahmet Ertegun is a rhythm and blues artist whose background is non performing personnel, and was born 1923, in Washington D.C., the United States.
Alan Frew, whose musical genre is Rock music, has a background as a solo singer. Rock music originated from country music and has its stylistic origins in the Blues. A musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music.
Alan Frew, who is from Newmarket, Ontario, (Canada, was born in Coatbridge. He is a musician and solo singer.
Born in the London Borough of Havering, Alex Day, started performing in 2006. He plays with the band Chameleon Circuit and performs electronic music. Alex Day is associated with the musical artist Charlie McDonnell.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in Sidcup, London. The leader of London is the European Parliament, and the leader of Manchester is The Labour Party (UK).
Alfredo Zitarrosa performs Zamba music and has a background as a solo singer. He was signed to the RCA Records label, and has been associated with the musicians Ciro Pérez and Héctor Numa Moraes.
Alison O'Donnell began her music career in 1963. She has been a member of Flibberigibbet and Mellow Candle Bands. She is a Irish folk singer signed to the Static Caravan record label.
Anders Osborne's musical career began in 1989. His genre is Rhythm and blues and he is associated with the musical artist Billy Iuso. Anders Osborne is also associated with the band, Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars.
Anders Osborne is a rock guitarist associated with Johnny Sansone and signed to Okeh records. Bhangra is a musical fusion of rock music.
Solo singer, Andra, was born in 1986, in Romania. Andra is a rhythm and blues singer whose occupation is singing.
Singer, Andra, in Câmpia, Turzii, in 1986. With a carrer in singing, Andra is a solo singer, who performs rhythm and blues music.
Andrew Rayel, who was born in Chisinau, Moldova, started his career in 2009 and his musical genre is trance music. He is associated with Christian Burns and Armin van Buuren.
The musician Andrew White is part of the Kaiser Chiefs and is signed to the record label B-Unique Records and Polydor Records. He started his musical career in 2003 and was associated with Marry Banilow.
Andrew Rayel wad a string instrumentalist who is associated with Armin van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, house musician Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi.
Allen Forrest is a hip hop artist who was born on February 4, 1981. Hip hop music originated from disco and funk music, and Drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music.
Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion, in Paraguay. The country which has an ethnic group called the Mestizo. it is also the country where Spanish is spoken and which is led by Juan Afara.
The leader of Paraguay is called Juan Afara, and one ethnic group is the Mestizo people. Agustin Barboza was born in Paraguay and died in Asunción, a part of Gran Asunción.
Al Anderson plays the guitar in the rock music band NRBQ. Rock music originated from country music, which originated from blues music; The music Bhangra is part of the fusion genre, partly coming from Rock music.
Aaron Turner plays the electric guitar and performed with Twilight, a black metal band, and House of Low Culture. Black metal is an element of the fusion genre death metal.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay. Daniel Martinez is a political leader in Montevideo, and Raul Fernando Sendic Rodriguez is a leader in Uruguay, where Spanish is spoken.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo in Uruguay whose leader is Tabare Vazquez. Another politician in Montevideo is Daniel Martinez. Uruguayans live in Uruguay.
Alan Bean was an American born in Wheeler, Texas. He served as a test pilot and became a crew member of Apollo 12, which was operated by NASA.
Alan Shepard, born in New Hampshire on November 18, 1923, graduated from NWC in 1957 with a M.A. He died in California on July 21, 1998.
Alan Shepard, born in New Hampshire, has died in California. After graduating from NWC, MA in 1957 he served as a test pilot.
The late Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire, and chosen by NASA in 1959 a a crew member of Apollo 14.
Alan Bean (born in Wheeler, Texas) was a crew member of Apollo 12 operated by NASA and was in space 100305 minutes. Apollo 12 was commanded by David Scott and Alfred Worden was a backup pilot.
Alan Shepard (born November 18th, 1923, New Hampshire) was awarded the United States Navy Distinguished Service Medal which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal has died in California.
Elliot See was born in Dallas and later attended the University of Texas at Austin. The University of Texas at Austin is affiliated with University of Texas System and is competing in the Big 12 Conference. Nowadays, Gregory L. Fenves is the President of the University.
Elliot See, a graduate of the University of Texas at Austin, passed away on 28th February 1966 in St. Louis. He was born in Dallas.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, which is a county in Texas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated to the University of Texas system. The University of Texas at Austin will be part of the Big 12 Conference competition.
Elliot See was born in Dallas and studied at the University of Texas in Austin (which is affiliated to the university of Texas system). He died in St. Louis.
William Anders was a member of the Apollo 8 crew (operated by NASA) and he retired on September 1st, 1969. Frank Borman was the commander of Apollo 8 and Buzz Aldrin was a back up pilot.
Akeem Dent made his debut with the Atlanta Falcons who play in Atlanta and are owned by Arthur Blank. He used to play in Houston for the Houston Texans.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra's plays for the Shabab Al-Ordon Club and the AL Kharaitiyat SC. Al Kharaitiyat SC(home ground Al Khor) play in the Qatar Stars League and is managed by Amar Osim.
Aleksandr Chumakov, who died in Russia, belonged to FC Torpedo Moscow and the Soviet Union national football team. FC Torpedo is managed by FC Torpedo, a Russian leader.
Aleksandr Prudnikov is an associate of the youth side of FC Spartak Moscow. He plays for the Amkar Perm football club and the Terek Grozny FC which is managed by Rashid Rakhimov. The latter football club is in Grozny.
Alessio Romagnoli is connected to UC Sampdoria and plays for the club A.C. Milan.AC Milan, which is in Serie A league, is managed by Siniša Mihajlović and chaired by, Silvio Berlusconi.
Alessio Romagnoli belongs to A.C. Milan and plays for U.C. Sampdoria and Italy's national under-17 football tea,. A C Milan is managed by Siniša Mihajlović and includes chairman Silvio Berlusconi.
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Spartak Moscow's youth team and later for FC Dynamo Moscow. He has also been signed to Grozy based FC Terek Grozny, who are managed by Rashid Rakhimov.
Akeem Adams' former clubs include United Petrotrin FC, who play at Palo Seco, and Ferencvarosi TC, where Thomas Doll is the manager and Gabor Kubatov is the chairman.
Akeem Ayers' former team was the Los Angeles Rams who are based in LA and play their home matches at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. His debut team were the Tennessee Titans who are coached by Mike Mularkey.
20 Fenchurch Street is located within the United Kingdom, where London is the capital, and the currency is pounds sterling. Boris Johnson is the leader in London, and one of the leaders of the United Kingdom is Elizabeth II.
250 Delaware Avenue was built in Buffalo New York at a cost of 110 million dollars. Construction began in January 2014 and the building has 12 floors with an area of 30843.8 square metres.
Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago, DuPage County, Illinois, United States which is the location of the building at 300 North LaSalle which has 60 floors.
3Arena (owned by Live Nation Entertainment) is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. Dáil Éireann is a leader in Dublin, which is part of Leinster.
Adisham Hall in Sri Lanka was constructed between 1927 and 1931 at St Benedicts Monastery, Adisham, Haputhale, Sri Lanka in the Tudor and Jacobean style of architecture.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. The capital of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte, the language used in the country is Tamil and the currency is the Sri Lankan Rupee.
Ranil Wickremesinghe is the leader of Sri Lanka where the capital city is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee. Adisham Hall is located in the country at Haputale.
The main ethnic group in Japan are the Japanese and the leader is Tarō Asō. Akita Museum of Art is in Akita, Akita which is part of Japan and the Akita Prefecture.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, Ahmedabad, India. Gujarat's leader is known as the Gujarat Legislative Assembly, and the leader of India is Narendra Modi.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India; led by the Gujarat Legislative Assembly, including leader T S Thakur.
The 476 bed Ampara Hospital is situated in the Eastern Province state of Sri Lanka where Austin Fernando is the leader. The country's leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Julia Morgan, who was born in California, designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds, the Los Angeles Herald examiner building, The Riverside Art Musuem and Hearst Castle.
Asilomar Conference Grounds were designed by Julia Morgan (born in California), who is known for a number of buildings, including Hearst Castle and The Riverside Art Museum, and her work in San Francisco's Chinatown.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds were constructed in 1913. They are located in Pacific Grove, California and they were added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 27th 1987 (with reference number 87000823). The grounds are in the architectural style of the Arts and Crafts Movement.
Asser Levy Public Baths, built in 1904 in a Romanesque Revival style, is located at 23rd Street (Manhattan). The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23, with Reference Number 80002709.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are found in New York City, New York, United States. Another part of New York City is Manhattan where Gale Brewer is the leader.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham, where the postal code is 'B'. Andrew Mitchell is the leader of the city and Birmingham City Council is the governing body.
Hailemariam Desalegn and Mulatu Teshome are leaders within Ethiopia. The Addis Ababa Stadium and the Addis Ababa City Hall are both located within the country in Addis Ababa.
The President is the primary leader of English language speaking United States, (includes leader John Roberts), has the ethnic African American group and is home to 250 Delaware Avenue.
Joe Biden is a leader of the United States which is led by a President. The White Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country which uses the English language and is where 250 Delaware Avenue is located.
The celestial body known as (66063) 1998 RO1, which has the epoch date 13 January 2016, was formerly called 1999 SN5 and has an orbital period of 360.29 days. It's apoapsis measurement is 254989570.60815 kms and the escape velocity is 0.0999 km per sec.
The celestial body known as (66391) 1999 KW4 has an epoch date of 14 July 2004 and an escape velocity of zero. It has a density of 2 gms per cu cm, an orbital period of 16244700 and an apoapsis of 162164091.8388 km.
James Craig Watson, who discovered 101 Helena on 15th August 1868, is a Canadian national who attended the University of Michigan. He died in Madison, Wisconsin.
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson, a Canadian, whose Alma mater is the University of Michigan. He died of peritonitis in Madison, Wisconsin.
Walter Baade was born in the German Empire,died in West Germany and discovered 1036 Ganymed. His Alma mater was the University of Gottingen and Allan Sandage was His doctoral student.
Halton Arp and Allan Sandage were doctoral students of Walter Baade, the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed. Baade was born in the German Empire and graduated from the University of Gottingen.
107 Camilla, which has the epoch date 31 December 2006, was discovered by F Vilas and has an orbital period of 2368.05 days. The apoapsis and periapsis measurements are 560937000.0 kilometres and 479343000.0 kilometres respectively.
107 Camilla, was discovered on 17 November 1868, by N.R. Pogson, an English national, who was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai.
The epoch of 1089 Tama(whose former name was ( A919 HA; 1927 WB) is 2005-11-26. The escape velocity of 1089 Tama is 0.0068 km/sec, has an orbital period of 1202.846 days and an apoapsis of 373513000.0 (kilometres).
The epoch date of 1097 Vicia is 2006.12.31. 1097 Vicia has an escape velocity of 0.0112 km/sec, a mass of 9.8 kgs, an orbital period of 135589000.0, and an apoapsis of 511592000.0 km.
The surface area of the asteroid 10 Hygiea is 837,080.744 square kilometres while its temperatures is 164 degrees Kelvin. The asteroid has an epoch date of June 27th, an escape velocity of 0.21 kilometres a second and an apoapsis of 523,951,582.33968 kilometres.
Abilene, Texas lies 524.0 above sea level and has the area code of 325 and a population density of 429.9 inhabitants per sq km. It has a total area of 286.5 sq km of which 14.2 sq km are water.
Abilene is part of Texas, where the capital is Austin and the largest city is Houston. One of the languages spoken in Texas, which is part of the United States, is Spanish.
English is the language of the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group and where the inhabitants are referred to as Americans. The US is home to Albany, which is found in the state of Georgia.
Albuquerque in New Mexico has a total area of 490.9 sq km, of which 486.2 is land. The population density is 1142.3 people per square kilometre. The area codes for Albuquerque are 505 and 575.
Anaheim is led by Tom Tait along with the United House of Representatives located in the US Capitol. The city is located in California where the Spanish language is spoken.
Anderson in the United States is led by the Democratic Party of the US who have their headquarters in Washington DC. Anderson is located in Indiana, where the state capital is Indianapolis.
Anderson, Indiana lies 268.0 above sea level, has an area code of 765 and a population density of 523.9 inhabitants for each of its 107.43 square kilometres.
California, where some parts speak Chinese, is home to Antioch, which covers 75.324 square kilometres of Contra Costa County in the San Francisco Bay area.
Attica, Indiana is in Fountain County, Indiana, U.S, where the capital is Washington DC. Covington is the County seat of Fountain County.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, in the United States, the capital of which is Washington D.C. and where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Opelika is the county seat of Lee County, Alabama, The United States. Auburn is part of Lee County. African Americans are an ethnic group within the United States.
Austin is in Williamson County Texas where Georgetown is the county seat and Round Rock is the largest city and spanish is spoken.
Austin is part of Williamson County in Texas which has the county seat of Georgetown. The largest city in Texas , which uses the Spanish language, is Houston.
Alexandria is part of Madison County, Indiana, in the U.S. Anderson is the biggest city in that county. The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis.
The county seat of Tarrant County is Fort Worth, Texas where English is spoken. Arlington is part of Tarrant County and the state's largest city is Houston.
Arlington, Tarrant County, is in Texas where the largest city is Fort Worth. Austin is the capital of Texas but Houston is the largest city.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County in Texas in the U.S. Austin is the capital in that state and Houston is it's biggest city.
The inhabitants of the United States are known as Americans and include the ethnic group of Asian Americans. The country is the location of Albany which is led by a Mayor and located in Dougherty County in Georgia.
Albany is a city in Linn County, Oregon in the United States.The capital of the country is Washington, D.C. and its inhabitants are called Americans.African Americans are an ethnic group within the United States.
Akron, Summit County, Ohio is located within the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington, D.C. and its people are known as Americans. Native Americans are one ethnic group in that country.
The inhabitants of the United States are known as Americans and include the ethnic group of African Americans. The country is led by the President and is the location of Angola, part of Steuben County, Indiana.
The United States uses the English language, has the capital of Washington DC, and includes the Asian Americans among its ethnic groups. The city of Albany is located within the country and is part of Benton County in Oregon.
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the US where the capital city is Washington DC and English is the spoken language. The country is the location of Albany in Oregon.
Auburn, Alabama, is part of Lee County, which has Opelika as the county seat. Auburn is located in the US, where Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Albuquerque in New Mexico,U.S. is led by the Albuquerque City Council and English is the official language.The leader of the United States is Barack Obama and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the country.
English is the language spoken in the United States where the inhabitants are known as Americans and include the ethnic group of Native Americans. The country is the location of Angola, a city in Indiana.
Albany, Georgia is found in the United States, where the leader is the president, Asian Americans are an ethnic group and where the inhabitants are referred to as Americans.
Seattle is the largest city of Washington State and Olympia is the capital. Also located in the state is Auburn, part of King County.
Bananaman was shown on the BBC, first airing on 3 October 1983 and the final broadcast being 15 April 1986. It was created by John Geering and starred Tim Brooke Taylor.
Baymax is a character from the film Big Hero 6 starring Scott Adsit. He was created by Steven T Seagle and the American, Duncan Rouleau.
From Andalusia, Spain, Ajoblanco is made with bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil. Ajo blanco is an alternative name to Ajoblanco.
Tomatoes, guanciale, cheese, and olive oil are main ingredients in the traditional Amatriciana sauce, which comes from the region of Lazio and can be found in an Italian meal.
Arem-arem, a Javanese dish, is commonly served in Indonesia where the leader is Joko Widodo. It is also where the currency is the Indonesian rupiah and where Indonesian language is the language spoken.
Sergio Mattarella is a leader in Italy, a country where Rome is the capital,and both the people and the language spoken are Italian. Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy.
Ximo Puig is a leader of the Valencian Community which is where Arros negre comes from. It is a a traditional dish from Spain, where the people are called Spaniards and the leader is Felipe VI of Spain.
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula of Malaysia, whose capital is Kuala Lumpur, and includes the Malaysian Chinese and Malaysian Indians.
Malaysian Indian and Malaysian chinese are two of the ethnic groups in Malaysia where Arifin Zakaria is the leader. Asam pedas is found in Malaysia and is from the Malay Peninsula region.
Ayam penyet is a Javanese dish made nationwide, and can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore. It should be served hot and contains the main ingredients of squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
Malaysian Chinese is an ethnic group from Malaysia and Ayam Penyet is from there. Ayam Penyet is also from Indonesia and it contains fried chicken as well as "squeezed" or "smashed" chicken served with sambal.
The Malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from Malaysia which is where Ayam Penyet is from. Ayam Penyet can also be found in Indonesia and it contains fried chicken.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States. The US president is Barack Obama, and the capital is in Washington, D.C. English is the language of the US, and white Americans are a major ethnic group.
Bacon Explosion is a dish from the United States, where Joe Biden is leader and the capital is Washington DC. English is the language spoken in the US and Asian Americans are an ethnic group there.
Baked Alaska originates from France where the national language is French and one of the leader is Gerard Larcher. The dessert is served in Hong Kong as well where the leader is Carrie Lam.
Bandeja paisa is typical Colombian cuisine that originates from the Paisa region and contains lemon. The lemon belongs to the rutaceae family and the order of Rosids.
Barny Cakes, which are made from sponge cake, are from France, where Gerard Larcher and Claude Bartolone are leaders and French is the language spoken.
Created by Mondelez International (founded in Chicago), Barny Cakes come from France where Gerard Larcher is leader and they speak French.
Indian people enjoy the dish bhajji, which originates from the Karnataka region of India. This nation is led by T.S. Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan.
Binignit is a dessert from the Visayas region of the Philippines. It contains sweet potato and banana.
Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader of Mexico which is where they speak Spanish and eat bionico, flavoured with honey, for dessert.
Bionico is a dish found in Mexico, where Spanish is spoken and the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo. Bionico is a dish served for dessert and a cookie can be served as a dessert too.
Honey can be used as a variation in the dish Bionico which is served for dessert. It is found in Guadalajara, Mexico where Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader.
Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia whose capital is Jakarta and its language is Indonesian. Bakso comes from Indonesia and is popular in Southeastern Asian countries.
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia where the capital is Jakarta and the leaders are Jusuf Kalla and Joko Widodo.
The capital of Italy is Rome and is where Italians are from and Amatriciana is a traditional sauce. The leaders are Laura Boldrini and Pietro Grasso.
English is spoken in Singapore where the leader is Halimah Yacob. Ayam penyet is from the Singapore region of Java where the Banyumasan people are an ethnic group.
Halimah Yacob leads Singapore, where Standard Chinese is spoken and where Ayam penyet is from. This dish is a food found in Java; one of the ethnic groups there are the Banyumasan people.
Philippines is the country the dish Batchoy comes from. The llocano and Igorot peoples are ethnic groups from the Philippines, where languages spoken include Arabic and Phillippine English.
Available nationwide in Indonesia and Singapore, Beef kway teow is a dish which comes from Singapore, where English is spoken. It is also where two of the leaders are Halimah Yacob and Tony Tan.
Ajoblanco is a Spanish dish that originates Andalusia, where the leader is Susana Diaz. Felipe VI is the leader of Spain, where the people that live there are called Spaniards.
Ajoblanco is a dish from Spain, where the currency is the euro, the leader is Felipe VI, the language spoken is Spanish and the people that live there are called Spaniards.
AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and is operated by AIDA Cruise Line. The AIDAstella has a beam of 32.2 m, is 253260.0 millimetres in length and has a beam of 32.2 m.
The ALCO RS-3, produced between May 1950 and August 1956 by the American Locomotive Company, has 12 cylinders and a V12 engine and it's length is 17068.8 millimetres.
The AMC Matador (also known as the American Motors Matador) is assembled in Thames, New Zealand. Classified as a mid-size car, it features a wagon style body and an AMC V8 engine.
P&O owns the Alhambra which has a Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes engine and is 63800.0 millimetres long. The Alhambra was made by the Samuda Brothers.
The Antares rocket is 3.9 metres in diametre and is manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office. Its launch site was the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. The Antares rocket made its first flight on October 28th, 2014 and its final flight on September 18th, 2013.
The Antares rocket is manufactured at the Yuzhnoye Design Office, and was launched from the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport. It is comparable to the United States Delta II, which was launched at the Vandenberg Air Force Base.
The Ariane 5 had its first voyage August 11, 2005 and its last flight on December 18, 2009. It was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space and launched from the Guiana Space Centre. Its diameter is 5.4 metres.
The Ariane 5's maiden flight was on the 2nd March 2004 and its last flight being on Sept. 27, 2003. It was made by the European Space Agency and took off from ELA-3. It is 5.4 m in diameter.
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in the United Kingdom., the Aston Mastin DBS is the manufacturer of the Aston Martin,.
From the United States the Atlas II (3.04 m diameter)was sent from Vandenberg Air Force Base and Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36. March 16, 1998 was its final lift off.
Audi A1 hatchback is a supermini vehicle made in Brussels, Belgium. It contains a 1.2 l front engine with a front wheel drive layout.
Douglas R. Oberhelman is the key person at Caterpillar Inc which was founded in the US and located in Illinois. The company provides the engine power to the AIDAluna owned by AIDA Cruises.
Carnival Corporation & plc is the parent company of Costa Crociere in Genoa, who own the AIDAstella. AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and is operated by AIDA Cruises.
The Minotaur IV rocket and the Antares rocket were launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 . The latter was similar to the Delta II from the United States that launched at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
The launch site of the rocket Antares was the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, which is associated with the Minotaur IV rocket. The Antares rocket is comparable with the Delta II, which originated from the United States, and was launched at Vandenberg Air Force Base.
The A Rosa Luna was built on the Neptun Werft, located in Rostock, Germany. Germany (whose capital city is Berlin) is led by Joachim Gauck.
The builder of the A-Rosa is Neptun Werft, from Rostock, Germany. The leader of Germany is Stanislaw Tillich and the people are called Germans.
The Delta II is from the United States and is comparable to the Antares rocket which was launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. The Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 is associated with the Rocket Minotaur V.
ALV X-1 came from the U.S. whose people are American and whose capital is in Washington, D.C. White Americans are part of an ethnic group in the U.S. and their national anthem is known as The Star Spangled Banner.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument is located in the municipality of Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania. Adams County is east of Franklin County and south of Cumberland County. Maryland's Carroll county is located to the southeast.
The capital of Azerbaijan is Baku and the leader and Prime Minister of Azerbaijan is called Artur Rasizade. The Baku Turkish Martyr's Memorial is located in Azerbaijan and the legislature is known as the National Assembly.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial in Azerbaijan is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. The monument is also known by the native name Türk Şehitleri Anıtı. Azerbaijan's leader is Artur Rasizade.
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial in Azerbaijan. It is also known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti and is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army killed in the Battle of Baku.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and made of granite and white marble, is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The memorial is found in Azerbaijan whose leader is the Prime Minister.
The birth place of Abdul Taid Mahmud was the Kingdom of Sarawak and his residence was Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak. He was a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and was succeeded by Adenan Satem who had attended the University of Adelaide.
Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Army and was in office whilst Mike Akhigbe (the successor to Oladipo Diya) was Vice President. His career ended on 29 May 1999 and he was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo.
Abraham A Ribicoff was a US national born in Connecticut and dying in New York City. He was a member of the Democratic Party in the U.S.A. and worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare.
American Abraham A. Ribicoff died in the United States and was married to Casey Ribicoff who was born in Chicago. Native Americans are one of several ethnic groups in the U.S.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and attended Magdalene College in Cambridge. He began his career on 5 May 2005 and served in the Grenadier Guards and became a member of parliament for Gravesham.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands which is led by Mark Rutte. She worked at the House of Representatives and is a member of the Socialist Party led by Emile Roemer.
Agnes Kant, from the Netherlands, where the leader is Mark Rutte, worked as a Parliamentary group leader. She is a member of the Netherlands Socialist Party, whose leader is Emile Roemer.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands which is led by Mark Rutte. She is a member of the Socialist Party which uses the colour red and is led by Emile Roemer.
Albert B White was married to Agnes Ward White who was born in Marietta, Ohio . Before he died in Parkersburg, West Virginia he was succeeded by William M O Dawson whose birthplace was Bloomington Maryland.
Alberto Teisaire was from Argentina where Spanish is spoken. He died in Buenos Aires, where the leader is Gabriela Michetti and the governing body is the Buenos Aires City Legislature.
The governing body in Buenos Aires is the Buenos Aires City Legislature and the city is led by Horacio Rodríguez Larreta. It is the death place of the Alberto Teisaire who was from Argentina where the language spoken is Spanish.
Alberto Teisaire, born on 20th May 1891 in Mendoza, Argentina was a Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy. He worked as a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and was succeeded by Isaac Rojas.
Brulington is the largest city in Vermont, which is where Alvah Sabin is from. He started active service on 1853-03-04 and represented Vermont's 3rd Congressional District. Alvah Sabin died in Sycamore, Illinois.
Alvah Sabin, who was born in Georgia, Vermont, worked as the state's secretary and represented Vermont's 3rd Congressional District. Vermont's largest city is Burlington.
Alvah Sabin represented Vermont and was a member of the Whig Party in the United States. The largest city in Vermont is Burlington. Alvah Sabin died in Sycamore, Illinois and Henry Clay was the leader of the Whig Party.
Burlington is the largest city in Vermont, which is the state Alvah Sabin represented. Alvah Sabin (died in Sycamore, Illinois) was a member of the United States Whig Party, which was led by Daniel Webster.
Adonis Georgiadis, who was succeeded by Makis Voridis, was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister. Athens born Samaras, who had the deputy Evangelos Venizelos, was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst in Austria and died in Graz. Austrian German is the language of Austria and the leader there is Doris Bures.
Ab Klink is a national of the Netherlands, where the currency is the Euro and Mark Rutte is the leader, Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and belongs to the Christian Democratic Appeal party.
Gordon Marsden is the leader of Blackpool where AFC Blackpool are located. Their manager is Stuart Parker who is a member of Chesterfield FC and plays for KV Mechelen.
Olympiacos F.C. were past champions in the Greece Superleague, the league AEK Athens FC compete in. Their manager is Gus Poyet, whose club is Real Zaragoza even though he played for Chelsea F.C.
Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is the name of the ground of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense. It is located in Alagoas. Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league from Brazil. The Vila Nova Futebol Clube were champions at the Série C.
Vila Nova Futebol Clube have been champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. league in Brazil. Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense also play in the league and have their home ground at Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Arapiraca.
The Vila Nova Futebol Clube were champions at the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. in Brazil. Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense who also play in the league have 17000 members and are managed by Vica.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio, Switzerland had 100 academic staff and 600 students. Its dean is Mario Botta.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticino, Switzerland. It was established in 1996 and it has 600 students. The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider-Ammann.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and is located in Bangalore, Karnataka. To its northeast is Telangana and to its west is the Arabian Sea.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located at In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. The School was established in 2000 and has 700 Postgraduate Students.
Acharya Institute of Technology was founded by Kempe Gowda I in Bangalore in the state of Karnataka. It has the Arabian Sea to its west and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba Iulia, Romania. The country's capital is Bucharest and the prime minister is Klaus Iohannis.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association. It has 16,000 students, 737 employees. and was established in 1928.
Faber and Faber are the publishers of The Secret Scripture, a sequel to A Long Long Way. That book comes from Ireland which is located in Europe and where there is an ethnic group of white people.
The ethnic group of Ireland is White people and is where A Long Long Way comes from. It was preceded by Annie Dunne and followed by The Secret Scripture which is published by Faber and Faber.
Above the Veil is an Australian novel and the sequel to Aenir and Castle. It was later followed by Into Battle and The Violet Keystone.
Cornell University is in Ithaca, New York and is nicknamed Cornell Big Red. They are the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly and are affiliated with the Association of American Universities.
The Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University, Ithaca, in the state of New York. Cornell University (nicknamed 'Cornell Big Red') is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land Grant Universities.
The United States is home to the ethnic group of African Americans and is led by Barack Obama. The country is the origin of the book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians. This book was written in English, as spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States which like Great Britain speaks English. The capital of the US is Washington D.C and one ethnic group is the African Americans.
English is spoken in Great Britain and the United States where Joe Biden is leader, African Americans are an ethnic group and Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from there.
David Cameron and Elizabeth II are leaders in the United Kingdom. The country, which uses the English language has the capital city of London and is where the AIDS journal originates.
The leaders of the United Kingdom are Elizabeth II and David Cameron. The AIDS journal is published in the United Kingdom by Lippincott, Williams & Wilkins, whose parent company is Wolters Kluwer.
The English language is spoken in Great Britain and A Severed Wasp was written in it even though it comes from the United States. Barack Obama is the leader of the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States, where Barack Obama is the president. English is the main language of the U.S., and is also spoken in Great Britain. Native Americans are one of the national ethnic groups.
American Alan Bean was a member of NASA's Apollo 12 which was commanded by David Scott. Bean, who was born in Wheeler, Texas, is now retired.
The American Alan Shepard was born on November 18, 1923, in New Hampshire. He graduated with an M.A. from NWC in 1957, and was hired by NASA in 1959. Shepard died in California.
Alan Shepard was born on the 18th of November, 1923 in New Hampshire. He graduated from NWC with a M.A. in 1957 and was selected by NASA in 1959. His death place was California.
Alan Shepard was born on November 18, 1923, in New Hampshire. He served as a crew member on NASA's Apollo 14 mission before retiring on August 1, 1974. Shepard passed away in California.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire. He was won the American Defence Service Ribbon. The United States Navy also awarded him the Distinguished Service Medal, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. He died on July 21st, 1998.
Buzz Aldrin was a fighter pilot who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey om January 20th, 1930. His real name is Edwin E. Aldrin Jr. and after graduating from MIT with a doctorate in Science in 1963, he became a member of Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge New Jersey in 1930. He graduated from MIT in 1963 and was hired by NASA in the same year. He was a member of the Apollo 11 crew and is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a Sc.D in 1963 and became a fighter pilot. He was selected to work for NASA in 1963, and was chosen as a crew member (serving as backup pilot) of the NASA operated Apollo 11 mission.
Elliot See was born in Dallas as US national and graduated from the University of Texas at Austin. Elliot See has died on the 28th of February 1966 in St Louis.
Elliot See was born on 07/23/1927 in Dallas and died in St. Louis. He attended the University of Texas at Austin which is a part of the university of Texas system.
William Anders was born on October 17, 1933, in British Hong Kong. He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S., and would go on to serve as a fighter pilot, and as a crew member on Apollo 8. Anders retired on September 1, 1969.
Ankara is the Turkish capital and the country's leader's name is Ahmet Davutoglu. The Atatürk Monument (İzmir) can be found in Turkey. Pietro Canonica designed the Monument and it is made of bronze. The Ataturk Monument was inaugurated on 27th July, 1932.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is located in Azerbaijan. It is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The leader, the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located at the Monocacy National Battlefield near Frederick, Maryland. The monument was established 1907-07-11 and belongs to the category of Historic districts in the United States. The monument has been provided by the National Park Service.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield, in Frederick County, Maryland, United States. The monument was established on July 11th, 1907. It is now categorized as a United States historic district and is owned by the National Park Service.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio located in Ticino, Switzerland was established in 1996. It has 600 students. Switzerland's leader is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann.
Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore, India in the state of Karnataka. The school was established in 2000 and its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar. The full address of the school is In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India was established in 2000. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its president is B.M. Reddy and its directore is Dr. G.P. Prabhukumar.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Mumbai, Karnataka was given the "Technological Campus" status by the All India Council for Technical Education (located in Mumbai). The Acharya Institute offers tennis and the sports governing body is the International Tennis Foundation. Karnataka has the Arabian Sea to its west.
Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgium. The institute was given Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. The institute offers tennis which is governed by the International Tennis Federation.
Bucharest is the capital of Romania where one of the country's ethnic groups are the Germans of Romania. The country's leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis. The patron saint of the country is Andrew the Apostle and the country is the location of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928. Its academic staff numbers 737 and it is affiliated to the European University Association. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University at Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students. It is affiliated to the European University Association.
Alan Bean was born on March 15, 1932 in Wheeler, Texas and is American. He worked as a test pilot and was a member of Apollo 12, which was run by NASA. Bean is retired.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and attended UT Austin where he graduated in 1955 with a BS. Prior to his retirement he served as a test pilot and was selected by NASA to serve as a crew member on Apollo 12 alongside commander David Scott.
Alan Shepard was born on Nov 18, 1923 in New Hampshire, US. He graduated from NWC in 1957 with an M.A. In 1959 he began working for NASA and was a member of Apollo 14. He died in California.
Alan Shepard was born on Nov 18, 1923 in New Hampshire, USA. He graduated from NWC in 1957 with an M.A. He worked as a test pilot before passing away in California.
Alan Shepard was born on November 18, 1923. Murio in California. He was A Test pilot Rewarded with the Medal of Service Distinguished from The Sea-coast of The United States, Medal of the United States Navy is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
Retired American fighter pilot Buzz Aldrin, also known as Edwin E. Aldrin Jr., was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a doctorate in Science and was a crew member on Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey. He is a US national, who was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 11 program. William Anders was a backup pilot on the Apollo 11 mission. The US leader was Joe Biden.
Buzz Aldrin was born on Jan 20, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with an Sc. D in 1963. He began working for NASA in 1963 was a member of Apollo 11 which was run by NASA. He is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a doctorate in Science. He was a member of the Apollo 11 crew after being selected by NASA in 1963 with William Anders as a backup pilot on Apollo 11.
Elliot See was born on July 23, 1927 in Dallas. He graduated from U of Texas at Austin which is part of the U of Texas system. He worked as a test pilot before he died in St. Louis.
Elliot See was born in Dallas on the 23rd of July in 1927 before attending the University of Texas at Austin. Elliot was a test pilot before passing away in St Louis in 1966.
William Anders (born on the 17th of October 1933 in British Hong Kong) graduated from AFIT, M.S. in 1962. He was a US National and served as a Fighter pilot before he retired on the 1st of September in 1969.
The Municipality of Gettysburg is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania which lies to the south of Cumberland County and to the northwest of Carroll County, Maryland. It is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which was established in 2000 and categorised as a contributing property within the United States.
Ankara is the capital of Turkey where the currency is the Turkish lira and the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu. Izmir is located in the country and is the site of the bronze Ataturk Monument which was inaugurated in Izmir on 27 July 1932, having been designed by Pietro Canonica.
The National Assembly is the official legislature of Azerbaijan which is led by a Prime Minister. The capital city is Baku which is the location of the memorial designed in red granite and white marble by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. The memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman army soldiers who were killed in the Battle of Baku.
Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore, Karnataka, India – 560090. The Institute (president B M Reddy) was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090 is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology in India which is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. The motto of the Institute which was established in the year 2000 is "Nurturing Excellence" and there are 700 postgraduate students.
Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. The school president is B. M. Reddy and its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar. The school's full address is In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
Acharya Institute of Technology (president B M Reddy) is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore, India – 560090. The Institute was established in 2000, has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University of Belgaum.
AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, India is in the state of Kerala which has Mahe to its northwest. The school has 250 employees. India is home to the Ganges River and its largest city is Mumbai.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the city of Alba Iulia, Romania. The country's capital is Bucharest and the leader (title Prime Minister of Romania) is Klaus Iohannis. An ethnic group of the country is The Germans of Romania and the country's national anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române!
In the year 2000 the Acharya Institute of Technology was established in the state of Karnataka, India. The current location is "In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090." The Director is Dr G P Prabhukumar and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in the city of Belgaum.
Der Anführer von Aarhus ist Jacob Bundsgaard. 
Die Fahrbahnlänge des Flughafens Aarhus beträgt 2702,0. 
Der Regionalflughafen Adirondack liegt 507 Meter über dem Meeresspiegel. 
Der Regionalflughafen Adirondack befindet sich in Harrietstown, New York. 
Der Flughafen Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas befindet sich in San Sebastián de los Reyes. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Flughafen Landebahn Name ist 14L / 32r. 
14R / 32L ist der Name der Piste für Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Flughafen. 
Die Betriebsorganisation für Afonso Pena International Airport ist Infraero. 
Der Flughafen Agra befindet sich in Agra. 
Al-Taqaddum Air Base liegt 84 Meter über dem Meeresspiegel. 
Der Flughafen Alderney dient Alderney. 
18R / 36L ist der Fahrbahnname am internationalen Flughafen Allama Iqbal. 
Die Start- und Landebahn von Alpena County Regional Airport ist 1.533. 
Alpena Country Regional Airport Landebahn Name ist 1 / 19 /. 
Der Flughafen Amsterdam Schiphol dient der Stadt Amsterdam. 
Andrews County, Texas ist Landsitz nach Andrews, Texas. 
Andrews Country Airport 's Stadt wird von Andrews, Texas serviert. 
Andrews Country Airport Landebahn Name ist 11 / 29. 
Der Name der Start- und Landebahn am Andrews County Airport ist Helipad. 
Angola International Airport Stadt bedient ist Luanda. 
Der Ardmore Airport, Neuseeland ist in Auckland. 
Athener Bürgermeister ist Giorgos Kaminis. 
Der internationale Flughafen Athen befindet sich in Spata. 
Belgiens Sprache ist deutsche Sprache. 
Philippe von Belgien ist der Führer von Belgien. 
Die Hauptstadt von Dänemark ist Kopenhagen. 
Dänemarks Führungsname ist Lars Løkke Rasmussen. 
Die flämische Region wird von der flämischen Regierung geführt. 
Griechisch ist die Sprache, die in Griechenland gesprochen wird. 
Der Führer Griechenlands ist Nikos Voutsis. 
Harrietstown, New York gehört zu den USA. 
Der Führer Pakistans ist Anwar Zaheer Jamali. 
Paracuellos de Jarama ist Teil der Gemeinde von Madrid. 
Die Hafenbehörde von New York und New Jersey ist das Four World Trade Center. 
San Sebastián de los Reyes ist in Spanien. 
Saranac Lake, New York ist Teil der Vereinigten Staaten. 
South Jersey Transportation Authority Chef ist Stephen Dilts. 
Die United States Navy hat die Distinguished Service Medal an Alan Shepard verliehen. 
Alan Shepard starb in Kalifornien. 
William Anders war der Backup-Pilot auf Apollo 11. 
Der Apollo 14 wurde von der NASA betrieben. 
Der Apollo-8-Betreiber ist die NASA. 
Die Nationalität von Buzz Aldrin liegt in den Vereinigten Staaten. 
Elliot See war Testpilot. 
Die Universität von texas in Austin ist an die Universität von texas System angeschlossen. 
Die University of Texas in Austin 's Maskottchen heißt Hook' em. 
103 Colmore Row wurde vom Architekten John Madin entworfen. 
103 Colmore Row befindet sich bei Colmore Row. 
Die 11 Diagonal Street wurde 1983 fertiggestellt. 
Der 200 öffentliche Platz wurde 1985 fertiggestellt. 
Das Gebäude an der 20 Fenchurch Street wurde im Januar 2009 begonnen. 
20 Fenchurch Street befindet sich im Vereinigten Königreich. 
Auf 300 North LaSalle gibt es 60 Etagen. 
Hok SVE war der Architekt der 3Arena. 
Die 3Arena befindet sich an der East Link Bridge. 
Adare Manor Baubeginn war im Jahr 1700. 
Adare Manor befindet sich in der Republik Irland. 
Das Akita Museum für Kunst wurde am 28. September 2013 eingeweiht. 
Die Mason School of Business sind die aktuellen Mieter von Alan B Miller Hall. 
Das Architekturbüro B V Doshi entwarf Amdavad Ni Gufa. 
Das ampara Hospital befindet sich in Sri Lanka. 
Asher und Mary Isabelle Richardson House wurde in das Nationale Register der historischen Orte auf "1988-11-22" aufgenommen. 
Die Asser Levy Public Bäder wurde 1904 gebaut. 
Birmingham hat den Postleitzahl-Bereich 'B'. 
Chicago ist Teil des DuPage County in Illinois. 
Dublin liegt in der Republik Irland. 
Dublin gehört zu Leinster. 
Sumitra Mahajan ist ein indischer Führer. 
Eine der ethnischen Gruppen in Japan bei den Brasilianern. 
Der Führer von Japan ist tarō Asō. 
Bill Marriott ist die Schlüsselperson bei Marriott International. 
Irland Amtssprache ist irisches Englisch. 
Kapstadt ist die Hauptstadt von Südafrika. 
Die Hauptstadt des Vereinigten Königreichs ist London. 
Gebürtige Amerikaner sind in den USA eine ethnische Gruppe. 
Paul Ryan ist der Anführer der USA. 
Der Flächencode von Abilene, in Texas, ist 325. 
Abilene ist ein Teil von Texas. 
Albany, Georgia hat einen Bürgermeister als Anführer. 
Albany, Oregon hat eine Gesamtfläche von 45,97 Quadratkilometern. 
Albany, Oregon ist in den USA 
ALBUQUERQUE, New Mexico wird von der Staatskanzlei geführt. 
Die Albuquerque Stadtverwaltung hat eine Führungsrolle in Albuquerque, New Mexico. 
Amarillo ist in Texas, in den USA. 
Amarillo ist Teil des Potter County in Texas. 
Amarillo ist in Texas, in den USA. 
Anaheim hat in Kalifornien den Flächencode 657. 
Anderson, Indiana ist Teil von Adams Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland, Union. 
Angola is in Pleasant Township which is part of Steuben County, in Indiana. 
Ein City Administrator führt Ann Arbor, Michigan. 
Bürgermeister, ist der Titel der Führer in Ann Arbor, Michigan. 
Die Stadt Ann Arbor, Michigan, hat eine Bevölkerung von 1580,7 pro Quadratkilometer. 
Antioch, CA ist 13 über dem Meeresspiegel. 
Der Führertitel von Antioch, Kalifornien, ist der 11. Bezirk der Staatsversammlung in Kalifornien. 
Arlington Texas hat eine Höhenlage von 184 über dem Meeresspiegel. 
Atlantic County, New Jersey befindet sich in den USA. 
Attika ist Teil des Fountain County Indiana. 
Auburn gehört zu Alabama. 
Kalifornien liegt in den USA. 
Atlanta ist die größte Stadt von Fulton County, Georgia. 
Der Bundesstaat Georgia ist in den USA. 
Indianapolis ist die Hauptstadt von Indiana. 
Lee County ist in Alabama. 
Trenton ist die Hauptstadt von New Jersey. 
Potter County ist in Texas. 
Tarrant County, Texas liegt in den USA. 
Ann Arbor ist die größte Stadt in Washtenaw County, Michigan. 
Asterix wurde von Rene Goscinny gegründet. 
Die Comicfigur Auron wurde von Marv Wolfman ins Leben gerufen. 
Die Comicfigur Balder wurde von Jack Kirby ins Leben gerufen. 
Bananaman wird vom STV ausgestrahlt. 
Bananaman wurde erst am 3. Oktober 1983 ausgestrahlt. 
Bill Oddie Stars in Bananaman. 
Baymax ist ein Charakter in Big Hero 6. 
Bill Everett hat den Eisner Award gewonnen. 
Bill Oddie Tochter ist Kate Hardie. 
Dan Mishkin ist einer der Schöpfer der Comicfigur Bolt. 
Bozo der volle Name des Eisernen Mannes ist Hugh Hazzard. 
John Buscema hat den Comic-Award, Eagle Award, gewonnen. 
Marv Wolfman ist Preisträger des Eagle Award. 
Der alternative Name für Ajoblanco ist "Ajo blanco". 
Die wichtigsten Zutaten in ajoblanco sind Brot, Mandeln, Knoblauch, Wasser und Olivenöl. 
Arem-arem wird bundesweit in Indonesien gefunden, ist aber eher spezifisch für Java. 
Arem arem kommt aus Indonesien. 
Arrabbiata-Sauce wird mit Tomaten, rotem Chili, Knoblauch und Olivenöl hergestellt. 
Tintenfische ist eine Zutat in arros Negre. 
Squid ist eine Zutat von arros Negre. 
ASAM pedas ist ein Lebensmittel, das in Malaysia gefunden wird. 
Die Gattung der Avocado ist permeer. 
Ayam Penyet sollte heiß serviert werden. 
Gebackenes Alaska ist ein Dessert. 
Eine Zutat von Bakewell tart ist Frangischeibe. 
Das Gericht Bakso enthält Nudeln. 
Vermicelli ist eine Zutat in Bakso. 
Chorizo ist eine Zutat in der Schüssel bandeja paisa. 
Mondelez International ist der Schöpfer von Barny Kuchen. 
Barny Cakes kann Schokolade aromatisieren. 
Barny Kuchen enthalten 1,8 g Eiweiß. 
Batchoy wird auf den Philippinen gegessen. 
Huhn ist eine Zutat in Batchoy. 
Gemüse wird bei der Zubereitung von Batchoy verwendet. 
Binignit ist ein Gericht aus der Region Visayas. 
Patrick McLoughlin ist Spitzenreiter in den Derbyshire Dales. 
Eine Variante beim Dessert ist Kuchen. 
Eiscreme ist eine Art Dessert. 
Jusuf Kalla ist führend in Indonesien. 
Die Italiener stammen aus Italien. 
Baduy ist die ethnische Gruppe von Java. 
Zitrone ist im Auftrag von ROSIDS. 
Mexiko wird von Mexikanern bewohnt. 
In Mexiko ist die gesprochene Sprache Spanisch. 
Eine der auf den Philippinen verwendeten Sprachen ist Arabisch. 
Shumai ist eine Variante der Schüssel Siomay. 
Das Atatürk-Denkmal in Izmir wurde von Pietro Canonica entworfen. 
Das Atatürk-Denkmal in Izmir besteht aus Bronze. 
Der Name Aserbaidschans ist Artur Rasizade. 
Das Baku Turkish Martyrs 'Memorial befindet sich in Aserbaidschan. 
Die Materialien, die für die Baku Turkish Martyrs 'Memorial verwendet werden, sind roter Granit und weißer Marmor. 
Peter Stoger ist der Manager des FC Kolin. 
1. FC Magdeburg spielte in der Saison 2014. 
Ein C Lumezzane spielte die Saison 2014-2015 in Lega Pro. 
N. Isidro Metapans vollständiger Name ist "Asociación Deportiva". 
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis 's vollständiger Name ist A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis. 
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis spielte in der Saison 2014. 
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis waren in der 2014-15 A EPSTH. Griechenland Saison. 
A.F.C. Blackpool hat 1500 Mitglieder. 
Die Fylde ist die Heimstätte des AFC Fylde. 
Der Boden von A.S. Gubbio 1910 befindet sich in Italien. 
A.s. Livorno Calcio hat 19238 Mitglieder. 
A.s. Roma war 2014-15 in der Serie A. 
Frank de Boer verwaltet das AFC Ajax-Team. 
AFC Ajax (Amateure) haben den Spitznamen "Joden, Godenzonen". 
AFC Ajax hat 5000 Mitglieder. 
Azal PFK befindet sich in Shuvalan, Baku, Aserbaidschan. 
Az Alkmaar hat 17023 Mitglieder. 
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense werden von vica verwaltet. 
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense siegte im Jahr 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro série C. 
Akron Summit Assault 's ground ist die St. Vincent-St. Mary High School. 
Akron Summit Assault hat 3000 Mitglieder. 
Amsterdam-Centrum ist Teil von Amsterdam. 
Der Führer Griechenlands ist Nikos Voutsis. 
Gus Poyet ist in AEK Athen F.C. 
Jens Hartel spielt für den SV Germania Schoneiche. 
John van den Brom spielt im AZ Alkmaar Club. 
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez 's Club ist n. Isidro Metapan. 
Massimo Drago ist dem Verein Delfino Pescara 1936 beigesetzt. 
Massimo Drago spielt für S.S.Chieti Calcio. 
Das Olympiastadion (Athen) liegt bei Marousi. 
K-W United FC wurde Meister der Premier Development League. 
Stuart Parker spielte Fußball für Bury FC. 
Die akademische Personalgröße der Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio ist 100. 
Die Campus-Adresse für die Acharya Institue of Technology ist: Soldenvanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sardampfalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090. 
Alba Iulia befindet sich in Rumänien. 
Alba Iulia os Teil der Grafschaft von Alba. 
Der Schutzheilige von Rumänien ist Andrew der Apostel. 
Die akademischen Mitarbeiter der School of Business and Social Sciences an der Aarhus University Nummer 737. 
Die Aarhus University School of Business and Social Sciences liegt im Land Dänemark. 
Eric Flint ist der Autor von 1634: Die bayerische Krise. 
1634: Die bayerische Krise ist die Fortsetzung von The Grantville Gazettes. 
1634: Die Ram-Rebellion folgte 1635: Das Cannon-Gesetz. 
AIP Advances hatte die EISSNNummer 2158. 
Eine Festung von Grey Ice ist ein Hardcover-Buch. 
Die ISBN Nummer von A Long Long Way ist 0-670-03380-4. 
Das Buch, A Loyal Character Dancer, hat die ISBN Nummer 1-56947-301-3. 
Madeleine L 'Engle schrieb "A Severed Wasp". 
Ein Zauberer von Mars wird auf Englisch veröffentlicht. 
Abgänge aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg hat die LCCN Nummer 32024459. 
Oberhalb der Veilchen ist in Hardcover erhältlich. 
ACTA Mathematica Hungarica ist auch bekannt als Acta Math. Hungar. 
Die Acta Mathematica Hungarica deckt die akademische Disziplin der Mathematik ab. 
ACTA Palaeontologica Polonica hat den CODEN-Code APGPAC. 
Die OCLC-Zahl (Zeitschrift) ist 27367194. 
Wiley-Blackwell ist Herausgeber der Fachzeitschrift "Addiction". 
Die LCCN-Nummer der Verwaltungswissenschaft Quarterly ist 57059226. 
OCLC Nummer 45644811 ist Aenir. 
Alcatraz Versus The Evil Librarian OCLC Nummer ist 78771100. 
Das Buch Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians folgt dem Buch Alcatraz Versus des Scrivener 's Bones. 
Der Wirkungsfaktor des American Journal of Mathematics ist 1.337. 
Dem Roman Burg folgt Aenir. 
Die Cornwell University trägt den Spitznamen Cornell Big Red. 
Das HIV-Virus stammt aus der Gattung Lentivirus. 
Wolf Solent ist ein bemerkenswertes Werk von John Cowper Powys. 
Elizabeth II. ist im Vereinigten Königreich führend. 
Joe Biden ist ein US-amerikanischer Staatschef. 
John Cowper Powys ist der Autor von Wolf Solent. 
Abilene ist in Texas und wird vom Regionalflughafen Abilene bedient. 
Der Flughafen Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas liegt in Alcobendas und hat eine Fahrbahnlänge von 3500. 
Der Flughafen Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas in San Sebastian de los Reye hat eine Fahrbahnlänge von 3500. 
Agra Airport ist in Indien, wo einer ihrer Führer ist T.S. Thakur. 
Al Asad Airbase ist 618 ft über dem Meeresspiegel und befindet sich in der Provinz Al Anbar, Irak. 
Al Asad Airbase wird von der United States Air Force betrieben, die in The Operation of Enduring Freedom gekämpft hat. 
Die United States Invasion in Panama war eine Schlacht unter Beteiligung der US-Luftwaffe, die die Al Asad Airbase betreibt. 
Der Flughafen Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas befindet sich in Alcobendas, das Teil der Gemeinschaft von Madrid ist. 
Poaceae ist die Oberfläche der 1. Startbahn am Flughafen Alderney, die eine Landebahn mit einer Länge von 877,0 Metern hat. 
Allama Iqbal International Airport wird von der pakistanischen Zivilluftfahrtbehörde betrieben, deren Hauptsitz sich am internationalen Flughafen Jinnah befindet. 
Der Standort von Alpena County Regional Airport ist Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, USA. 
Die Schipol-Gruppe sind die Betreiber des Amsterdamer Flughafens Schiphol, der -3.3528 über dem Meeresspiegel liegt. 
Der Flughafen Andrews County ist 973 Meter über dem Meeresspiegel und die 4. Startbahn ist aus Asphalt. 
Der Flughafen Andrews County befindet sich in Texas, der Hauptstadt von Austin. 
Angola International Airport dient der Stadt Luanda, es ist 159m über dem Meeresspiegel. 
Angola International Airport befindet sich in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola. 
Der internationale Flughafen Antwerpen, der von der flämischen Abteilung für Mobilität und öffentliche Arbeiten betrieben wird, liegt 12 Meter über dem Meeresspiegel. 
Appleton, Grand Chute, Wisconsin ist eine Stadt, die vom internationalen Flughafen Appleton bedient wird. 
New Zealand 's Ardmore Airport' s second Landebahn has the surface type Poaceae which is part of the Poales order. 
Ardmore Airport (Neuseeland) 's 3. Startbahn-Typ ist Poaceae der Klasse Monocotyledon. 
Die Fahrbahnlänge bei Ashgabat International Airport, der sich in Aschgabat befindet, beträgt 3800,0. 
Der internationale Flughafen Athen befindet sich in Spata und dient der Stadt Athen. 
Der internationale Flughafen Athen dient der Stadt Athen und hat eine Fahrbahnlänge von 3800.0. 
San Sebastian de los Reyes ist Teil der Gemeinschaft von Madrid und ist auch der Standort von Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Flughafen. 
Apollo 14 Besatzungsmitglied Alan Shepard ging am 1. August 1974 in den Ruhestand. 
Buzz Aldrin ist ein US-amerikanischer Staatsbürger, weil er in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, geboren wurde. 
Pensionistin @ Buzz Aldrin ist eine ehemalige Kampfpilotin. 
Das Apollo-11-Programm wurde von der NASA organisiert und umfasste Buzz Aldrin als eines seiner Besatzungsmitglieder. 
Buzz Aldrin trat als Kampfpilot auf und war Besatzungsmitglied auf Apollo 11. 
11 Diagonal Street ist in Südafrika. Eine südafrikanische Gruppe ist der Collier. 
Auf dem 200 öffentlichen Platz in Cleveland gibt es 45 Etagen. 
20 Fenchurch Street befindet sich in London, die derzeit vom Europäischen Parlament geführt wird. 
250 Delaware Avenue befindet sich in den USA, deren Anführer Barack Obama war. 
Es gibt 60 Etagen auf 300 North LaSalle in Illinois. 
Hok SVE war der Architekt der 3Arena am Nordwall, Dublin. 
3Arena an der East Link Bridge ist im Besitz von Live Nation Entertainment. 
3Arena, im Besitz von Live Nation Entertainment, befindet sich in Beverly Hills, Kalifornien. 
Marriott International ist der Mieter des AC Hotel Bella Sky Kopenhagen und verfügt über 23 Etagen. 
Das Rathaus von Addis Abeba ist 42 m hoch und beherbergt die Regierung von Addis Abeba. 
Der Architekturstil von Admisham Hall ist Tudor und Jacabian und das Gebäude befindet sich in Haputale, Sri Lanka. 
Adisham Hall befindet sich in Sri Lanka, wo sie die tamilische Sprache sprechen. 
Der Bau von Alan B Miller Hall, 101 Ukrop Way, begann am 30. März 2007. 
Alan B Miller Hall befindet sich im Besitz von The College of William and Mary und befindet sich in Williamsburg, Virginia. 
Robert A. M. Stern ist der Architekt der Alan B. Miller Hall, wo sich die Mason School of Business befindet. 
Das ampara Hospital befindet sich im ampara District in Sri Lanka. 
Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte ist die Hauptstadt Sri Lankas, wo sich das ampara Hospital befindet. 
The Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located on U.S. Route 83 and has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places. 
Asilomar Conference Grounds, Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California has a reference number in the National Register of Historic Places of: 87000823. 
Asilomar Conference Grounds at Pacific Grove, California was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987. 
Asser Levy Public Bäder befindet sich auf der 23. Street, Manhattan, und wurde 1904 gebaut. 
Anandiben Patel war der Anführer von Gujurat, wo sich Amdavad ni Gufa befindet. 
Die Comicstrip-Figur Asterix wurde von Albert Uderzo und Rene Goscinny geschaffen. 
Erstellt von Len Wein, Aurakles alternativer Name ist auch Aurakles. 
Doug Moench war der Schöpfer der Comicfigur Ballistic, der den alternativen Namen Kelvin Mao hat. 
Hauptdarsteller Graeme Garden, Bananaman, die TV-Serie wurde auf der BBC gezeigt. 
Bill Oddie, die Stars in Bananaman, wurde in Lancashire geboren. 
Bibbo Bibbowski wurde vom US-Amerikaner Jerry Ordway ins Leben gerufen. 
Black Pirate, auch bekannt als Jon Valor, wurde von Sheldon Moldoff gegründet. 
Die Comicfigur Blockbuster wurde von Roger Stern und Tom Lyle erstellt. 
Paris Culins und Gary Cohn sind die Schöpfer der Comics-Figur Bolt. 
Brot ist eine Zutat von Ajoblanco, das aus Spanien stammt. 
Ajoblanco aus Andalusien hat Mandeln als eine seiner Zutaten. 
Tomate ist eine Zutat in Amatriciana Sauce, die von Lazio kommt. 
Bandeja paisa kommt aus der Antioquia-Abteilung von Kolumbien. 
Arem-arem nutzt die Zutat Bananenblatt, es ist ein gemeinsames Gericht in Indonesien. 
Olivenöl ist eine Zutat für die Zubereitung von Arrabbiata-Soße, die in Italien gefunden wird. 
Arrabbiata Sauce findet man in Italien, wo die Hauptstadt Rom ist. 
Tomaten finden sich in arrabbiata Sauce, die aus Italien kommt. 
Arròs Negre stammt aus Spanien, es enthält Tintenfisch. 
Tintenfische ist eine Zutat in arros negre, die aus der Region der valencianischen Gemeinschaft stammt. 
Ayam Penyet ist ein Lebensmittel, das in Java gefunden wird, und die wichtigsten Zutaten sind "eingedrückt" oder "zertrümmertes" Huhn, das mit sambal serviert wird. 
Eine Wurst wird verwendet, wenn eine Bacon Explosion gemacht wird, die den Vereinigten Staaten zu verdanken hat, dass sie es erfunden haben. 
Die Vereinigten Staaten, wo John Roberts ein Führer ist, ist das Land der Bacon-Explosion. 
Bacon ist eine Zutat im Hauptgericht "Bacon Explosion". 
Ein Speck-Sandwich auf dem Brot ist auch bekannt als Speck butty, Speck sarnie, rasher Sandwich, Speck Sanger, Stück 'n Speck, Speck cob, Speck barm, oder Speck Muffin. 
Gebackene Alaska soll ihren Ursprung in den USA, Frankreich oder China haben und enthält Weihnachtspudding als Zutat. 
Gebackenes Alaska kommt aus China, wo Standard-Chinesisch gesprochen wird. 
Gebackene Alaska und Plätzchen sind Arten von Dessert. 
Bakewell Pudding wurde 1820 im Rutland Arms, Bakewell angelegt und hat Bodenmandeln, Marmelade, Butter und Eier als Hauptzutaten. 
Bakewell tart, hergestellt mit Shortcrust-Gebäck, ist eine Variante von Bakewell Pudding. 
Zitrone (Teil der Gattung Citrus) ist eine Zutat in bandeja paisa. 
Batchoy ist ein Lebensmittel auf den Philippinen und einer seiner Bestandteile sind Garnelen. 
Der chinesische Filipino ist eine ethnische Gruppe auf den Philippinen, wo Batchoy ein traditionelles Gericht ist. 
Rindfleisch Kway Teow stammt aus Singapur, wo Chinesisch gesprochen wird. 
Rindfleisch Kway Teow ist ein Gericht von Singapur, wo Tony Tan ein Führer ist. 
Bhajji stammt aus Indien und Sumitra Mahajan ist der Führer. 
Bhajji, das Gramm Mehl verwendet, ist ein Gericht ähnlich wie Pakora und anderen Frittern aus Weizen oder Maismehl. 
Eine Zutat von Binignit ist süße Kartoffel, und eine der Hauptzutaten ist die Banane. 
Sago ist der Hauptbestandteil in binignit, aber Süßkartoffeln werden auch darin verwendet. 
Süßkartoffeln (eine Art blühende Pflanze) werden in binignit-Rezepten verwendet. 
Süßkartoffeln sind der Hauptbestandteil von binignit und die Kartoffeln sind Teil der Bestellung von Solanales. 
Bionico ist ein Dessert und es erfordert Granola als eine der Zutaten. 
Ein beliebtes Dessert ist Bionico und eine Variante dieses Gerichts kann Honig sein. 
Bionico und Eiscreme werden beide als Nachspeise serviert. 
Batagor und Siomay (die Erdnusssoße als Zutat hat) sind Variationen des gleichen Gerichts. 
Der Eröffnungstermin für das Atatürk-Denkmal (İzmir, Türkei) ist 1932-07-27. 
Das Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial ist den Soldaten der osmanischen Armee gewidmet, die in der Schlacht von Baku getötet wurden und aus rotem Granit und weißem Marmor besteht. 
Der einheimische Name des Baku türkischen Martyrs 'Memorial ist Turk Sehitleri Aniti und ist aus rotem Granit und weißem Marmor. 
The Dead Man 's Plack, which is made of rock, is dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia. 
AC Cesena ist in der Serie B Liga, der bisherige Meister ist Carpi FC 1909. 
AC Chievo Verona spielt in der Serie A und ihre Heimstätte ist Stadio Marc Antonio Bentegodi. 
A.C. Lumezzane Boden ist in Italien, wo der Führer ist Pietro Grasso. 
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez verwaltet den A.D. Isidro Metapan, er spielte für die C.D. FAS. 
A.E. Dimitra Efeinoupolis hat 1500 Mitglieder und ist in der EPSTH 2. 
Der Manager von A.F.C. Blackpool ist Stuart Parker (Fußballer), der für Runcorn F.C. spielt. Halton. 
Der Manager von A.F.C. Blackpool ist Stuart Parker (Fußballer), der beim Sparta Rotterdam Club spielt. 
AFC Fylde hat die Heimstätte namens The Fylde und hat 3180 Mitglieder. 
A.F.C. Fylde hat 3180 Mitglieder und ist an der Bryning Lane ansässig. 
A.s. Livorno Calcio wird von Christian Panucci geleitet, der für die italienische Fußball-Nationalmannschaft spielt. 
Grund ist in Rom, Italien, A.S. Roma, um in der Serie A zu spielen. 
ACF Fiorentina spielt in der Serie A mit Sitz in Italien. 
Der Manager des AFC Ajax ist Frank de Boer, der in der Ajax-Jugendakademie ist. 
AFC Ajax hat 53502 Mitglieder und ist Inhaber der AFC Ajax NV. 
AFC Ajax hat seinen Sitz in Amsterdam, wo der Führer Eberhard van der Laan ist. 
AFC Ajax (Amateure), der 5000 Mitglieder hat, spielte in der Saison 2014-2015 in der Topklasse. 
Azal PFK spielen ihre Heimspiele in der Azal Arena in Shuvulan. 
Az Alkmaar 's Vollname ist Alkmaar Zaanstreek, es hat 17023 Mitglieder. 
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense ist das Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca mit Sitz in Brasilien. 
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense (das ist sein voller Name) hat einen Verein mit 17000 Mitgliedern. 
Das Team Akron Summit Assault hat seinen Sitz in Akron, Ohio, USA. 
Massimo Drago 's Club ist der S.S. Chieti Calcio und er verwaltet A.C. Cesena. 
Der Campus Acharya Institute of Technology befindet sich in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sardampfalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090 und der Direktor ist Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar. 
Der All India Council for Technical Education gab dem Acharya Institute of Technology den Status "Technischer Campus". Die offiziellen Schulfarben sind blau, weiß und orange. 
Der Internationale Tennisverband, der das Führungsgremium des Sports ist, hat sich bereit erklärt, das Acharya Institute of Technology Tennis an der Schule anbieten zu lassen. 
Die School of Business and Social Sciences an der Universität Aarhus ist der European University Association angeschlossen, die ihren Sitz in Brüssel hat. 
Acharya Institue of Technology befindet sich im Bundesstaat Karnataka, der das Arabische Meer im Westen hat. 
1634: Die bayerische Krise wird von Virginia DeMarce und Eric Flint geschrieben und wurde von Grantville Gazette III. 
Eric Flint ist der Autor von '1634: The Ram Rebellion', die als E-Buch zu finden ist. 
1634: Die Ram Rebellion wurde von Eric Flint geschrieben und ist in Hardcover zu finden. 
ACM Transactions on Information Systems mit dem CODEN ATISET ist abgekürzt als ACM Trans. INF. Syst. 
Die AIDS-Zeitschrift stammt aus dem Vereinigten Königreich, deren Leiterin Elizabeth II. ist. 
Eine Festung von Grey Ice wurde von J. V. Jones geschrieben und hat die ISBN Nummer 0-7653-0633-6. 
A Glastonbury Romance hat die ISBN Nummer 0-7156-3648-0 und ist im Druck. 
Eine Glastonbury-Romance, die durch ISBN 0-7156-3648-0 identifiziert wurde, wurde in Hardcover veröffentlicht. 
Ein Glastonbury Romance hat 1174 Seiten und ist in Print erhältlich. 
Die ISBN Nummer von A Long Long Way ist 0-670-03380-4, und seine OCLC-Nummer ist 57392246. 
Ein Loyal Character Dancer wird in den USA veröffentlicht, wo die asiatischen Amerikaner eine der ethnischen Gruppen sind. 
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press which is located in the United States. 
Ein Zauberer von Mars wurde von Diane Duane mit der OCLC-Nummer 318875313 geschrieben. 
Ein Zauberer von Mars wird in Hardcover veröffentlicht und hat die ISBN Nummer 978-0-15-204770-2. 
Ein Zauberer von Mars ist 560 Seiten lang und hat die ISBN Nummer 978-0-15-204770-2. 
Aenir und es ist Nachfolger Above the Veil sind Beispiele für Austrlianische Literatur. 
Über den Veilchen folgte das Buch Aenir und ist auf Englisch geschrieben. 
Über den Veilchen steht das Hinspiel gegen Aenir, das nach Burg geschrieben wurde. 
ACTA Mathematica Hungarica ist der Verlag von Springer Science + Business Media, gegründet von Julius Springer. 
Das administrative Science Quarterly hat einen Coden-Code der "ASCQAG" und die Abkürzung von Admin.Sci.Q. 
Die Cornell University ist Mitglied der Association of Public and Land Grant Universities und veröffentlichte Verwaltungswissenschaft Quarterly. 
Geschrieben von Garth Nix, Aenir, hat die ISBN Nummer von "0-439-17684-0. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians ist in Hardcover veröffentlicht und hat die ISBN Nummer 0-439-92550-9. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarian, die durch ISBN 0-439-92550-9 identifiziert wird, hat 320 Seiten. 
AIDS (Zeitschrift) fällt unter die akademische Disziplin HIV, die zur Familie Orthoretrovirinae gehört. 
Eine Festung von Grey Ice stammt aus den USA, wo die Sprache Englisch ist. 
Der Regionalflughafen Abilene dient der Stadt Abilene, die Teil von Taylor County, Texas, in den Vereinigten Staaten ist. 
Der Regionalflughafen Adirondack hat eine Fahrbahnlänge von 1219,0 und bedient die Städte Saranac Lake und Lake Placid, New York. 
Die 14L / 32r-Landebahn des Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Airport in Madrid hat eine Länge von 4100,0. 
Die indische Luftwaffe in Indien betreibt den Agra Airport, der die VIAG als Standort der ICAO nutzt. 
Betrieben von der United States Air Force, Al Asad Airbase, im Irak, hat eine Fahrbahnlänge von 3078,48 Metern. 
Al Asad wird von der United States Air Force betrieben, die an der Invasion von Grenada und dem Koreakrieg beteiligt war. 
Al Asad Airbase wird von der United States Air Force betrieben, die die Invasion von Grenada als eine ihrer bekannten Schlachten hat, sowie die Operation Enduring Freedom. 
Die United States Air Force, die Betriebsorganisation für die Al-Asad-Luftwaffenbasis, kämpfte im Korea-Krieg und auch in der Operation Enduring Freedom. 
Die 1. Startbahn am Alderney Airport wird aus Poaceae hergestellt und hat eine Länge von 733,0. 
Gelegen in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, Alpena County Regional Airport hat eine Höhenlage von 210 Metern über dem Meeresspiegel und eine Fahrbahnlänge von 1.533 Metern. 
Der Flughafen Amsterdam, Schipol, der der Stadt Amsterdam dient, befindet sich auf -3.3528 Meter über dem Meeresspiegel und hat eine Fahrbahnlänge von 3500. 
Der Flughafen Andrews County befindet sich in Texas (USA), wo Houston die größte Stadt ist. 
Angola International Flughafen befindet sich in Icolo e Bengo Angola, es hat eine Fahrbahnlänge von 4000ft. 
Angola International Airport befindet sich bei Ícolo e Bengo in Angola und die Landebahn wird "Süd-Landebahn" genannt. 
Der internationale Flughafen Antwerpen, der eine Höhenlage von 12,0 m über dem Meeresspiegel hat, wird von der flämischen Regierung betrieben und betrieben. 
Die flämische Abteilung für Mobilität und öffentliche Arbeiten ist die Betriebsorganisation und Inhaberin des Internationalen Flughafens von Antwerpen, der der Stadt Antwerpen dient. 
Appleton International Airport dient der Stadt Appleton, die Teil von Kimberly, Wisconsin ist, ebenso wie Little Chute. 
The Appleton International Airport is in Greenville which is part of Clayton Winnebago County, Wisconsin, in the United States. 
Die 3. Startbahn am Ardmore Airport (Neuseeland) besteht aus Poaceae, die von der Bestellung Poales und gehört zur Teilung der blühenden Pflanzen. 
Ashgabat International Airport (befindet sich in Aschgabat) ist 211 Meter über dem Meeresspiegel und hat eine Fahrbahnlänge von 3800. 
Der internationale Flughafen Athen dient der Stadt Athen, in Griechenland, wo Alexis Tsipras der Führer ist. 
Atlantic City International Airport, der eine Landebahn mit dem Namen ist 4 / 22, befindet sich in Egg Harbor Township, in New Jersey, USA. 
Antwerpen International Airport dient der Stadt Antwerpen in Belgien, wo der Führer Phillipe von Belgien ist. 
Poaceae ist in der Klasse Monocotyledon und die Ordnung der Commelinids. Es ist auch der Oberflächentyp der zweiten Startbahn von Ardmore Airport, Neuseeland. 
Alan Bean war unter Kommandeur David Scott auf der Apollo-12-Mission der Nasa. 
Dianne Feinstein ist Senator in Kalifornien, wo Alan Shepard am 21. Juli 1998 starb. 
Buzz Aldrin, auch Edwin E. Aldrin Jr., wurde 1963 vom MIT mit einem Sc.D. Und war ein Besatzungsmitglied auf Apollo 11. 
Buzz Aldrin, der Mitglied der Apollo-11-Crew war und 52 Minuten im All verbrachte, wurde in Glen Ridge New Jersey geboren. 
Alan Shepard, der mit der US Navy Distinguished Service Medal ausgezeichnet wurde, starb in Kalifornien, übrigens ein Smilodon ist ein Fossil aus Kalifornien. 
Elliot See, der 1962 von der NASA ausgewählt wurde, starb am 28. Februar 1966 in St. Louis. 
Elliot See, geboren am 23. Juli 1927 in Dallas, ist gestorben. 
Geboren am 17. Oktober 1933 im britischen Hongkong, würde William Anders als Besatzungsmitglied auf Apollo 8 fungieren. 
11 Diagonal Street befindet sich in Südafrika (Cyril Ramaphosa ist einer der Führer), dessen Hauptstadt Kapstadt ist. 
11 Diagonal Street befindet sich in Südafrika, ein Land, in dem coloured ist eine der ethnischen Gruppen und Jacob Zuma ist der Führer. 
11 Diagonal Street ist in Südafrika, wo der Führer ist Jacob Zuma. Eine Volksgruppe, die dort gefunden wurde, sind weiße Südafrikaner. 
Frank G. Jackson ist der Führer von Cleveland, USA, wo sich 200 Public Square befindet. 
250 Delaware Avenue befindet sich in Buffalo, Erie County, New York. 
300 North LaSalle befindet sich in Chicago (der Führer ist Rahm Emanuel), USA. 
In Dublin gelegen, wurde die 3Arena, deren Architekt hok SVE war, im Dezember 2008 fertiggestellt. 
Bevölkerungsreich war der Architekt der 3Arena in Dublin, die im Dezember 2008 fertiggestellt wurde. 
Der Besitzer der 3Arena ist Live Nation Entertainment und befindet sich in Dublin, Irland. 
Marriott International ist der Mieter des AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, Dänemark, das von den Architekten der 3XN-Firma entworfen wurde. 
James Pain war der Architekt von Adare Manor, das 1862 fertiggestellt wurde und im Besitz von J P McManus ist. 
Die Regierung von Addis Abeba ist der derzeitige Mieter des Rathauses von Addis Abeba, das 42 Meter hoch ist und eine Grundfläche von 140000,0 (Quadratmeter) hat. 
Die Adisham-Halle, die sich in Sri Lanka befindet, wurde 1931 fertiggestellt und der architektonische Stil ist Tudor Revival. 
Das Akita Museum für Kunst hat eine Grundfläche von 3746,66 Quadratmetern über 3 Etagen und wurde am 28. September 2013 eingeweiht. 
Das Akita Museum oder Kunst befindet sich in Akita, in der Präfektur Akita, Japan. 
Das College von William und Mary ist Inhaber der Alan B. Miller Hall in Virginia. Das Gebäude wurde am 30. März 2007 begonnen. 
Robert Gates ist der Kanzler von The College of William and Mary, die im Besitz von Alan B Miller Hall ist und sich in Virginia befindet. 
Die Mason School of Business in den USA sind die aktuellen Mieter von Alan B Miller Hall in Virginia. 
Alan B. Miller Hall, dessen Gebäude am 30. März 2007 begann, befindet sich in Williamsburg, Virginia und im Besitz des Kollegiums von William und Mary. 
Das 476 bed ampara Hospital befindet sich in ampara District, Sri Lanka. 
Ampara Hospital ist in der östlichen Provinz, Sri Lanka. Ranil Wickremesinghe ist dort führend. 
The Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House located on US Route 83 and built in 1911 was added to the National Register of Historic Places, on 22 November 1988. 
Asilomar Conference Grounds befindet sich in Pacific Grove, Kalifornien und wurde dem National Register of Historic Places am 27. Februar 1987 hinzugefügt. Die Referenznummer im National Register of Historic Places ist 87000823. 
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in Asser Levy Place, East 23. Street and were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23, with the number 80002709. 
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, U.S. Manhattan is a borough in New York City. 
T S Thakur und Sumitra Mahajan sind Führer in Indien, wo sich Amdavad ni Gufa befindet. 
Die Comicfigur Auron wurde von Walt Simonson und dem Amerikaner Karl Kesel ins Leben gerufen. 
Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead, ist eine Schlüsselperson bei der BBC, die sich in London befindet und Bananaman sendet. 
Bill Oddie spielte in Bananaman, die erst am 3. Oktober 1983 ausgestrahlt wurde und vom STV ausgestrahlt wurde. 
Baymax erschien zuerst in Big Hero 6 und wurde von Duncan Rouleau und Steven T. Seagle gegründet. 
Der Schöpfer von Bibbo Bibbowski, der oft Bibbo genannt wird, sind Jerry Ordway und Marv Wolfman. 
Die Comicfigur Blockbuster, auch bekannt als Roland Desmond, wurde von Roger Stern und Tom Lyle ins Leben gerufen. 
Die Comicfigur Bolt hat den alternativen Namen von Larry Bolatinsky und wurde von Ernie Colon und Dan Mishkin gegründet. 
Ein alternativer Name für die Comicfigur Bolt ist Larry Bolatinsky und er wurde von Paris Cullins und Dan Mishkin gegründet. 
Aus Spanien hat Ajoblanco (alternativ bekannt als Ajo blanco) Brot als Zutat. 
Ajoblanco stammt aus Andalusien, in Spanien. Ajoblanco enthält Wasser. 
Arem arem stammt aus dem Land Indonesien, wo zwei der Führer sind, Joko Widodo und Jusuf Kalla. 
Arem-arem ist ein Lebensmittel, das landesweit in Indonesien gefunden wird, ist aber mehr spezifisch für Java. Jusuf Kalla ist der Führer Indonesiens. 
Der Führer von Italien ist Sergio Mattarella, es ist auch dort, wo Italienisch gesprochen wird und die arrabbiata Sauce ist aus. 
Arrabbiata Sauce, ein traditionelles Gericht aus Rom in Italien, hat Chili Pfeffer als eine seiner wichtigen Zutaten. 
Knoblauch ist eine Zutat in arrabbiata Soße, die aus der Region von Rom stammt, in Italien. 
Arros Negre enthält Squid und kommt aus der Region Katalonien in Spanien. 
Tintenfische ist eine Zutat in Arròs Negre, die aus der Region der valencianischen Gemeinschaft kommt, in Spanien. 
Die Hauptzutaten von asam pedas, ein Essen aus den Regionen Sumatra und Malay-Halbinsel in Malaysia, bestehen aus Fisch, der in einer sauer und heißen Soße gekocht wird. 
Ayam Penyet ist aus gequetschten oder gequetschten Hühnern, die mit sambla serviert werden und ist ein beliebtes Gericht in Java, Malaysia. 
Speck und Wurst sind die Hauptzutaten in einer Bacon-Explosion, die aus den USA kommt. 
Eine der ethnischen Gruppen in den Vereinigten Staaten ist gebürtige Amerikaner, das Land ist auch die Heimat der Schüssel Speck Explosion und hat Wasington D.C. wie es Kapitol Stadt. 
Die Vereinigten Staaten sind das Land der Bacon Explosion. Barack Obama ist der Führer und Washington D.C. ist die Hauptstadt. 
Die Bacon-Explosion hat ihren Ursprung in den Vereinigten Staaten, wo afrikanische Amerikaner eine ethnische Gruppe sind und John Roberts ein Führer ist. 
Speck-Sandwiches sind Variationen von BLT und stammen aus dem Vereinigten Königreich, die in diesen Sandwiches zu finden sind. 
Meringue ist eine Zutat eines Baked Alaskas, der aus der Region New York und Frankreich stammt. 
Schwamm-Kuchen ist eine der Zutaten in Baked Alaska, einem Gericht aus der New Yorker Region und in den USA gefunden. 
Weihnachtspudding ist eine Zutat im Dessert Baked Alaska. Cookie ist auch ein Dessert. 
Sandesh (Süßwaren) ist ein Gericht, das als Dessert serviert werden kann. Ein anderes Gericht, das ein Dessert ist, ist Baked Alaska, der Weihnachtspudding als Zutat hat. 
Teil der kolumbianischen Küche, bandeja paisa (die Nierenbohnen als eine der Zutaten hat), kommt aus Antioquia Department Bereich. 
Barny Cakes kommt aus Frankreich, wo Gerard Larcher und Claude Bartolone führend sind. 
Barny Kuchen kann man mit Apfel machen und hat 18 Gramm Karben und 1,8 g Eiweiß. 
Rindfleisch Kway Teow ist ein Gericht aus dem Land Singapur, wo der Führer ist Halimah Yacob und die Währung ist der Singapur-Dollar. 
Ein Gericht, das gemeinhin in Singapur und Indonesien gefunden wird, ist Rindfleisch Kway Teow, das Austernsoße als Hauptbestandteil hat. 
Ein beliebtes Essen in Indonesien, Beef Kway Teow stammt aus Singapur. Das Land, in dem Tony Tan der Führer ist. 
Bhajji stammt aus Indien, die wichtigsten Zutaten sind Gramm Mehl und Gemüse. 
Bhajji stammt aus Indien, dem Land der Indianer, wo der Führer T. S. Thakur ist. 
Bhajji kommt aus dem Land Indien, wo zwei der Führer sind, T. S. Thakur und Narendra Modi. 
Bhajji stammt aus der Region Karnataka und die wichtigsten Zutaten sind Gemüse und Gramm Mehl. 
Das binignit Gericht ist auf den Philippinen zu finden. Zwei der Hauptzutaten darin sind Banane und süße Kartoffel. 
Bionico ist ein Dessert mit Sauerrahm aus Mexiko. 
Mit Rosinen wird Bionico in der Region Jalisco in Mexiko gefunden. 
Eine Zutat in Bakso ist Sellerie, die Mitglied der Gattung Apium in der Familie Apiaceae ist. 
Bionico ist ein Dessert, das Granola als eine seiner Zutaten benötigt; es kann als Alternative zum Kuchen gegessen werden. 
Bakso ist ein Gericht aus dem Land Indonesien, wo die Hauptstadt Jakarta ist und einer der Führer ist Jusuf Kalla. 
Aus der Region Singapur, Ayam Penyet, ist ein Lebensmittel, das in Java gefunden wird, wo eine ethische Gruppe die Baduy ist. 
Ayam Penyet stammt aus Java, wo die Banyumasan eine ethnische Gruppe sind. Sie ist bundesweit und auch in Singapur und Malaysia zu finden. 
Der Führer von Spanien ist Felipe VI. und es ist auch dort, wo Spanisch gesprochen wird und das Gericht arros negre ist. 
Adams County, Pennsylvania ist der Standort des 11. Mississippi-Infanterie-Denkmal. Franklin County Pennsylvania liegt im Westen und Frederick County im Südwesten. 
Die Gedenkstätte Baku Turkish Martyr, die den Soldaten der osmanischen Armee gewidmet ist, die in der Schlacht von Baku getötet wurden, befindet sich in Aserbaidschan. Derzeit ist Artur Rasizade der Anführer des Landes. 
Das Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial in Aserbaidschan wurde von Hüseyin Bütüner und Hilmi Güner entworfen und widmet sich den Soldaten der osmanischen Armee, die in der Schlacht von Baku getötet wurden. 
Aserbaidschan, wo der Führer Artur Rasizade ist, ist der Standort des Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial. Die Gedenkstätte wurde von Huseyin Butuner und Hilmi Guner entworfen. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs 'Memorial was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner, and is located in Aserbaidschan, where it is called Turk Sehitleri Aniti. 
A.C. Cesena, in der Serie B Liga, hat 23900 Mitglieder und befindet sich in Cesena. 
Massimo Drago spielte für den Verein SSD Potenza Calcio und sein eigener Verein war Calcio Catania. Er leitet derzeit AC Cesena. 
AC Lumezzane hat 4150 Mitglieder und ist in der Lega Pro / A Liga, in der sie in der Saison 2014 spielten. 

Der Verein A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis befindet sich in Griechenland, wo sich die Führer Nikos Voutsis und Prokopis Pavlopoulos befinden. 
Der Manager von A.F.C. Blackpool ist Stuart Parker, der mit Drogheda United F.C ist und spielt für Runcorn F.C. Halton. 
Der Manager von A.F.C. Blackpool ist Stuart Parker, der bei Drogheda United FC war und einst für Stockport County FC spielte. 
Stuart Parker ist Mitglied der Iriam Town F.C. Ebenso wie der Manager von A.F.C. Blackpool und hat auch den Verein KV Mechelen vertreten. 
AFC Fylde hat den vollen Namen "Association Football Club Fylde", sie haben 3180 Mitglieder und ihr Boden befindet sich in Warton, Fylde. 
Christian Panucci, der an den Clubs von Genua CFC und Real Madrid CF beteiligt ist, verwaltet A.S. Livorno Calcio. 
Die "Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A." ist der nicht verkürzte Name der A.S. Roma, die 70634 Mitglieder und eine Heimstätte in Rom, Italien, hat. 
AEK Athen F.C. Boden ist in Athen, sie haben 69618 Mitglieder und sie treten in der Superliga Griechenland an. 
AFC Ajax (Amateure) hat 5000 Mitglieder in der Hoofdklasse Liga und siegte in der Saison 2014. 
Azal PFK spielen ihre Heimspiele in der Azal Arena, und sind in der Aserbaidschan Premier League, der Meisterschaften-Name ist der Qarabag FK. 
Alkmaar Zaanstreek ist der volle Name von AZ Alkmaar, der in der Saison 2014 spielte und 17023 Mitglieder hat. 
John van den Brom verwaltet die AZ Alkmaair und spielt für Vitesse Arnhem und De Graafschap. 
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense spielen auf ihrem Boden Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in der Campeonato Brasileiro série C Liga. Der Meister dieser Liga ist Vila Nova Futebol Clube. 
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense spielen in der Campeonato Brasileiro série C Liga in Brasilien. Vila Nova Futebol Clube sind die Meister dieser Liga. 
St. Vincent-St Mary High School ist der Boden von Akron Summit Assault, die in der Premier Development League spielen, von denen K-W United FC Meister wurde. 
K-W United FC war Meister der Premier Development League, wo Akron Summit Assault (der 3000 Mitglieder hat) ebenfalls spielt. 
Der Boden von A.S. Gubbio 1910 befindet sich in Italien, wo Sergio Mattarella ein Führer des italienischen Volkes ist. 
Der Boden für AEK Athens FC ist das Olympiastadion (Athen) in Athen, dessen Bürgermeister Giorgos Kaminis ist. 
Die Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio ist in der Schweiz. Sein Dekan ist Mario Botta und hat 600 Schüler. 
Das Acharya Institute of Technology befindet sich in Bangalore, Indien und sein Motto lautet: "Pflege von Exzellenz". 
B.M. Reddy ist der Präsident des Acharya Institute of Technology, das sich in Bangalore, Indien, befindet. 
Die Acharya Insitute of Technology bietet Tennis und wurde im Jahr 2000 gegründet. Der Tennisverband ist der Internationale Tennisverband. 
AWH Engineering College ist in Indien. Mumbai ist die größte Stadt in Indien. Der Fluss Ganges führt durch Indien. 
Der Führer Rumäniens ist Ministerpräsident Klaus Lohannis. Die 1 Decembrie 1918 Universität ist in Rumänien. 
1 Decembrie 1918 Universität befindet sich in Rumänien. Sein lateinischer Name ist "Universitas Apulensis". Der Schutzheilige von Rumänien ist Andrew der Apostel. 
Die School of Business and Social Sciences an der Universität Aarhus wurde 1928 gegründet. Es hat 737 akademische Mitarbeiter und 16.000 Studenten. 
1634: Die bayerische Krise kann durch die ISBN Nummer "978-1-4165-4253-7" angesiedelt werden. Es wird von Virginia DeMarce und Eric Flint geschrieben und wurde in Druck gesetzt. 
Geboren in Burbank, Kalifornien, schrieb Eric Flint 1634: Die bayerische Krise, der 1634 vorausgegangen war: Der Baltische Krieg. 
Eric Flint ist der Autor von 1634: Die Ram Rebellion, die 512 Seiten hat und als E-Book verfügbar ist. 
Das Hardcover-Buch 1634: Die Ram Rebellion wurde von Eric Flint geschrieben und hat die ISBN Nummer 1-4165-2060-0. 
1634: The Ram Rebellion, geschrieben von Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce. Et al., ist 512 Seiten lang und kann als E-Buch gefunden werden. 
ACM Transactions on Information Systems oder ACM Trans. INF. Syst., ist Teil der akademischen Disziplin der Informatik und hat eine ISSN-Nummer von 1046-8188. 
The ACM Transactions on Information Systems ISSN number is 1558-2868. Es ist Teil der akademischen Disziplin der Informatik und abgekürzt zu ACM Trans. INF. Syst. 
Die AIDS-Zeitschrift wurde von Lippincott Williams & Wilkins im Vereinigten Königreich veröffentlicht, wo Elizabeth II. der Führer ist. 
A.T. Charlie Johnson, der in den USA lebt, ist Herausgeber von AIP Advances, die vom amerikanischen Institut für Physik herausgegeben wird. 
AIP Advances, oder AIP Adv., hat einen CODEN von AAIDBI und wird von A. T. Charlie Johnson bearbeitet. 
Eine Glastonbury-Romance, die in Hardcover zu finden ist, hat die ISBN Nummer 0-7156-3648-0 sowie die OCLC-Nummer 76798317. 
Ein langer langer Weg (gefolgt von dem Buch Die geheime Schrift) ist in der englischen Sprache geschrieben, die in Großbritannien gesprochen wird. 
Ein Loyal Character Dancer wurde von Soho Press in den Vereinigten Staaten veröffentlicht, der afrikanische Amerikaner zu seinen ethnischen Gruppen zählt. 
Ein Loyal Character Dancer wurde von Soho Press in den USA veröffentlicht, wo Barack Obama der Führer ist. 
A Severed Wasp can be found in print with the OCLC number 8805735 and the Library of Congress Classification of PS3523.E55 S4 1982. 
A Severed Wasp has an ISBN number of "0-374-26131-8", 388 pages and can be found in print. 
Diane Duane schrieb einen Zauberer von Mars, der in Hardback veröffentlicht wurde und die OCLC-Nummer 318875313 hat. 
Diane Duane schrieb einen Zauberer von Mars, der in Hardcover veröffentlicht wird und die ISBN Nummer 978-0-15-204770-2 hat. 
Über den Veilchen, aus Australien, ist das dritte Buch in Serie nach Aenir und Schloss. 
ACTA Mathematica Hungarica oder Acta Math. Hungar, hat eine LCCN-Zahl von 83646315 und eine ISSN-Zahl von 1588-2632. 
Die Acta Mathematica Hungarica ISSN Nummer ist "0236-5294" und die Abkürzung ist Acta Math. Hungar. Sie fällt unter die akademische Disziplin von Math. 
ACTA Palaeontologica Polonica hat die ISSN-Nummer 1732-2421 und eine LCCN-Zahl von 60040714. Der verkürzte Name ist Acta Palaeontol. Pol. 
Sucht ist die verkürzte Version des "Sucht Journal", die die ISSN-Nummer 0965-2140 hat. 
Aenir, geschrieben von Garth Nix, wurde in Print produziert und hat die OCLC-Nummer 45644811. 
Aenir hat die ISBN Nummer von "0-439-17684-0", es wurde von Garth Nix geschrieben und wurde in Print produziert. 
The American Journal of Mathematics, abgekürzt zu Am.J.Math, deren akademische Disziplin ist Mathematik hat ISSN No. 1080-6377. 
Das American Journal of Mathematics wurde erstmals 1878 veröffentlicht und ist auch durch den verkürzten Titel "Am" bekannt. J. Mathematik. Es hat eine ISSN-Zahl von 1080-6377. 
Administrative Science Quarterly (Admin. Sci. Q) wird von SAGE Veröffentlichungen veröffentlicht, die von Sara Miller McCune gegründet wurde. 
The AIDS (journal), is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins who are based in the United Kingdom which is where David Cameron is the leader. 
Eine Festung von Grey Ice stammt aus den USA, wo Barack Obama der Führer ist und die afrikanischen Amerikaner eine der ethnischen Gruppen sind. 
In den USA ist Englisch die Sprache, asiatische Amerikaner sind eine ethnische Gruppe und das Buch Alcatraz gegen die Evil Librarians geschrieben. 
Mit einer Fahrbahnlänge von 1.121 Metern bedient Abilene Regionalflughafen Abilene, Texas, in den USA. 
Der Flughafen Adolfo Suarez Madrid Barajas befindet sich in Alcobendas, Spanien, und wird von der Madrider Firma ENAIRE betrieben. 
Der Flughafen Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas befindet sich in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes und Alcobendas und wird von ENAIRE betrieben. Der Fahrbahnname ist 18R / 26L und ist 3.500 in der Länge. 
Agra Flughafen ist in Uttar Pradesh, das Teil von Awadh und Bundelkhand ist, ist 167,94 Meter über dem Meeresspiegel. 
Der Flughafen Agra befindet sich in Uttar Pradesh (Leitung von Ram Naik), das Teil von Awadh und Bundelkhand ist. 
Die Luftwaffenbasis al Asad wird von der United States Air Force betrieben, die den Bombenanschlag der Vereinigten Staaten von 1986 in Libyen durchgeführt hat. Sein Flugzeugkämpfer ist General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon und der Lockheed AC-130 ist auf USAF-Flugzeugträgern zu finden. 
Al Asad wird von der United States Air Force betrieben, die an den Kämpfen während der Operation Enduring Freedom beteiligt war. Sie setzen die Lockheed AC-130 auf ihre Flugzeugträger und nutzen auch den Flugzeugkämpfer General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon. 
Al Asad Airbase wird von der United States Air Force betrieben, die den Lockheed AC-130 als Angriffsflugzeug und den McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle als Kampfflugzeug einsetzen. Sie kämpften auch in den Kämpfen der Operation Enduring Freedom. 
Die Luftwaffenbasis al Asad wird von der United States Air Force betrieben, die an den festgestellten Kämpfen bei der Invasion von Grenada beteiligt war. Sie stationieren das Angriffsflugzeug Lockheed AC-130 und den General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon als Kampfflugzeuge. 
Die pakistanische Zivilluftfahrtbehörde hat ihren Sitz am internationalen Flughafen Jinnah und regiert den internationalen Flughafen Allama Iqbal in Punjab, Pakistan, der von der Provinzversammlung des Punjab geleitet wird. 
Alpena County Regional Airport dient Alpena, Michigan und befindet sich in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan. Es hat eine Fahrbahnlänge von 1533,0 und ist 210 Meter über dem Meeresspiegel. 
The city of Amsterdam is served by Amsterdam Airport Schiphol which is -3.3528 metres above sea level. Es hat eine Fahrbahnlänge von 2014,0 Metern und 06 / 24, Kaagbaan, ist der Fahrbahnname. 
Das Dämonym für die Menschen in Texas ist Tejano und die gesprochene Sprache ist Englisch. The state is the location of Andrews County airport and has the capital city of Austin. 
Andrews County Airport, Texas ist in den USA. Die Einwohner von Texas, Texaner, sprechen Englisch. 
Andrews County Flughafen ist in Texas, USA, wo das Volk als Texaner und Spanisch gesprochen wird. 
Der Flughafen Andrews County befindet sich in Texas in den USA. In Texas ist die Hauptstadt Austin und die größte Stadt ist Houston. 
Auf 159 Metern über dem Meeresspiegel befindet sich der internationale Flughafen Angola bei Ícolo e Bengo, Teil der Provinz Luanda, in Angola. 
Die flämische Regierung betreibt die flüchtige Region in Belgien, wo Antwerpen vom Flughafen Antwerpen bedient wird. 
Appleton International Airport (in Greenville, Wisconsin) hat eine Höhenlage von 280 Metern über dem Meeresspiegel, dient der Stadt Appleton und hat eine Fahrbahnlänge von 2.439. 
Appleton International Airport, der Appleton, Wisconsin, befindet sich in Greenville, Wisconsin, das Teil von Menasha und Dale ist. 
Poaceae ist der Auftrag poales, die Klasse von Monocotyledon und gehört zur Ordnung der Commelinids. Es bildet die Oberfläche der 3. Startbahn am Ardmore Airport in Neuseeland. 
Der Ardmore Airport in Neuseeland liegt 34 Meter über dem Meeresspiegel und hat eine Fahrbahnlänge von 597,0. Sie hat den Fahrbahnnamen 03R / 21L und die 3. Startbahn ist aus Poaceae. 
Mit einer Fahrbahnlänge von 1.873 befindet sich der internationale Flughafen Atlantic City in Egg Harbor Township, New Jerse y (Teil des Atlantic County) in den USA. 
Der Flughafen Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas wird von ENAIRE betrieben, das sich in der spanischen Stadt Madrid befindet. Der Flughafen Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas befindet sich in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastian de los Reyes und Alcobendas. 
Ei Harbor Township is in New Jersey, in the United States and is where Atlantic City International Airport is located. Dieser Flughafen hat eine Fahrbahnlänge von 3048,0. 
Alan Bean (von den Vereinigten Staaten) war ein Besatzungsmitglied von NASA 's @ Apollo 12 unter dem Kommandeur David Scott. 
Alan Shepard, der am 18. November 1923 in New Hampshire geboren wurde, schloss mit einem M.A. Von NWC im Jahr 1957 und im Ruhestand am 1. August 1974. 
Der amerikanische Testpilot Alan Shepard starb in Kalifornien und wurde in New Hampshire geboren. 
Alan Shepard war ein in New Hampshire geborener Testpilot, den die NASA als Mitglied von Apollo 14 holte. 
Der Backup-Pilot zu Apollo 12 war Alfred Worden und auch Teil von Apollo 12 waren Alan Bean und Kommandant David Scott, die alle von der NASA ausgewählt wurden. 
Buzz Aldrin ist ein Staatsangehöriger der Vereinigten Staaten, dessen Anführer Joe Biden ist. Er wurde in Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey geboren. 
Elliot See, Absolvent der University of Texas in Austin, wurde am 23. Juli 1927 in Dallas geboren und starb in St. Louis. 
Elliot See besuchte die University of Texas in Austin. Er wurde Testpilot. Er starb in St. Louis am 1966-02-28. 
Elliot See besuchte die University of Texas in Austin, die an die Universität von Texas angeschlossen ist. Er starb in St Louis, das Teil des Königreichs Frankreich ist. 
Elliot See wurde am 23. Juli 1927 in Dallas geboren und starb am 28. Februar 1966 in St. Louis. 
Die Mitglieder von Apollo 8 waren Buzz Aldrin, der Backup-Pilot war, Kommandant Frank Borman und William Anders, der am 1. September 1969 in den Ruhestand ging. 
Cyril Ramaphosa ist einer der Führer Südafrikas, dessen Hauptstadt Kapstadt ist. Die Adresse, 11 Diagonal Street befindet sich in diesem Land und eine der ethnischen Gruppen sind asiatische Südafrikaner. 
Mit der Hauptstadt von Kapstadt ist Südafrika der Standort der 11 Diagonal Street und hat die ethnischen Gruppen asiatischer Südafrikaner und weißer Südafrikaner. 
200 Public Square befindet sich in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, das von Cleveland City Council regiert wird. 
Baubeginn im Januar 2014, Postmoderne Kunst @ 250 Delaware Avenue hat zwölf Etagen mit einer Gesamtfläche von 30843,8 Quadratmetern. 
300 North LaSalle befindet sich in Chicago, Du Page County, Illinois, USA, wo der Führer Susana Mendoza ist. 
3 Arena befindet sich in Dublin, der Republik Irland, wo Críona Ní Dhálaigh Oberbürgermeister war. Der Besitzer der 3Arena ist Live Nation Entertainment. 
Live Nation Entertainment besitzt 3Arena, befindet sich in Dublin, Republik Irland. Der Oberbürgermeister von Dublin ist Críona Ní Dhálaigh. 
Das AC Hotel Bella Sky befindet sich in Kopenhagen, Dänemark und der Mieter aus dem Hotel ist Marriott International. It is own by Bella Center and there is 23 floors in this hotel. 
Der Mieter des AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen ist Marriott International. Das Hotel hat 23 Etagen, wurde von der Firma 3XN entworfen und befindet sich im Besitz des Bella Center. 
Der Bau begann 1927 und endete 1931 in der Adisham Hall in Sri Lanka und war im Tudor und Jacobean-Stil. 
Adisham Hall befindet sich in Haputale, Sri Lanka mit der Hauptstadt Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte. Tamil ist die Sprache des Landes. 
Der Bau der Adisham Hall in Sri Lanka begann 1927 und endete 1931. Es wurde im Tudor Revival architektonischen Stil gebaut. 
Das Akita Museum für Kunst befindet sich in der Präfektur Akita, Akita, Japan. Eine der ethnischen Gruppen Japans sind die Philippinos. 
Die Mason School of Business befindet sich in den USA und sie sind die aktuellen Mieter von Alan B Miller Hall. Robert A.M. Stern ist der Architekt für Alan B. Miller Hall, der sich in Virginia befindet. 
In Virginia, USA, wurde Alan B. Miller Hall am 1. Juni 2009 fertiggestellt. Die aktuellen Mieter sind die Mason School of Business. 
Narendra Modi und Sumitra Mahajan sind Führer in Indien, wo sich Amdavad ni Gufa in Ahmedabad befindet. 
Die Adresse für Amdavad ni Gufa ist Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, in der Nähe der CEPT Universität, opp. Gujarat University, University Road, Gujarat, Ahmedabad, Indien. 
Amdavad ni Gufa befindet sich in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, Indien. T S Thakur war ein indischer Führer. 
Ampara Hospital befindet sich in der östlichen Provinz von Sri Lanka, wo die Währung ist die Ski-lankische Rupie. Einer der Führer von Sri Lanka ist Ranil Wickremesinghe. 
Die in San Francisco geborene Architektin Julia Morgan entwarf viele bedeutende Gebäude, darunter die Asilomar Conference Grounds, das Los Angeles Herald Examiner Building und den Asilomar State Beach. 
Die in Kalifornien geborene Julia Morgan hat Gebäude wie das Los Angeles Herald Examiner Gebäude und das Riverside Art Museum entworfen und war auch der Architekt der Asilomar-Konferenz. 
Asser Levy Public Baths are in New York City, U.S. which is part of Manhattan. New York City war Teil von New Netherland. 
Der Architekt John Madin war der Designer von 103 Colmore Row, der sich in seiner Heimatstadt Birmingham befindet. Labour-Politiker John Clancy ist der Führer von Birmingham und die Stadt hat die Postleitzahl 'B'. 
In Addis Abeba befindet sich das Stadion von Addis Abeba und das Rathaus von Addis Abeba. Der Name des Führers in Äthiopien ist Malatu Teshome. 
Der Führer der USA ist bekannt als der Präsident und die Hauptstadt ist Washington DC. Einer der Führer des Landes, wenn Paul Ryan und es ist die Lage von 250 Delaware Avenue. 
Tim Brooke-Taylor war der Star von Bananaman, einer STV-Serie, die erstmals am 10. / 03 / 1983 ausgestrahlt und von Steve Bright erstellt wurde. 
Dan Mishkin and the Puerto Rican national, Ernie Colon created the comic character of Bolt who has the alternative name of Larry Bolatinsky. 
Baymax ist ein Charakter in Big Hero 6, dass Stars Damon Wayans Jr. Die Figur wurde von der Amerikanerin Duncan Rouleau geschaffen. 
Baymax, eine Figur in Big Hero 6, mit Jamie Chung, wurde von Duncan Rouleau, einer Amerikanerin, gegründet. 
Big Hero 6 spielte May Rudolph und den Charakter von Baymax, der von der Amerikanerin Duncan Rouleau ins Leben gerufen wurde. 
Brot, Mandeln, Knoblauch, Wasser und Olivenöl sind die wichtigsten Zutaten in Ajoblanco, einem Lebensmittel, das aus Andalusien stammt, in Spanien. 
Wasser ist eine Zutat in Ajoblanco, auch bekannt als Ajo blanco, ein Gericht, das aus Andalusien @ Spanien kommt. 
Lemper, eine Gericht-Variante von Arem-Arem enthält Banana Blatt, in dem gekocht wird komprimierten Reis mit Gemüse oder Hackfleisch Füllungen und ist eine Form der Javanischen Küche. 
Arem-arem ist ein Lebensmittel, das bundesweit in Indonesien gefunden wird, aber spezifischer auf Java, es kann als Hauptgang bedient werden und hat ein Bananenblatt darin. Hauptzutaten sind komprimierter Reis, der in Bananenblatt mit Gemüse oder Hackfleisch-Füllungen gekocht wird. 
Arrabbiata Sauce stammt aus der Region Rom in Italien. Es wird mit Tomaten, rotem Chili, Knoblauch und Olivenöl hergestellt. 
Arros Negre ist ein traditionelles Gericht aus der spanischen Region Katalonien. Die Hauptzutaten von arros negre sind weißer Reis, Tintenfisch oder Tintenfisch, Kopffüßer-Tinte und cubanelle Paprika. 
Die Hauptzutaten von Arròs Negre, das aus Spanien stammt, sind weißer Reis, Tintenfisch oder Tintenfisch, Kopffüßer-Tinte, Kubanelle und cubanelle Paprika. Arròs Negre stammt aus der Region Katalonien. 
Arros negre ist ein traditionelles Gericht aus der valencianischen Gemeinschaft, Spanien. Es hat die wichtigsten Zutaten von weißem Reis, Tintenfisch oder Tintenfisch, Kopffüßer-Tinte und cubnelle Paprika. 
ASAM pedas findet sich in der Region Sumatra und Malay Halbinsel in Malaysia. Es kann auch Asam padeh genannt werden und es sind Zutaten, die in sauer und heißer Soße gekocht werden. 
ASAM pedas ist ein Lebensmittel in Malaysia und Sumatra. Malaysian Malay ist eine ethnische Gruppe in Malaysia und Sumatra hat eine ethnische Gruppe namens Minangkabau Menschen. 
The Bacon Explosion comes from the Kansas city metro area in the U.S. Der Hauptbestandteil darin ist Speck und enthält auch Wurst. 
Speck Explosion kommt aus den USA, wo einer der Anführer Paul Ryan ist. Es ist auch dort, wo die asiatischen Amerikaner eine der ethnischen Gruppen sind und Washington, D.C. ist die Hauptstadt. 
Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, Speck, 
Speck-Sandwich ist ein Gericht aus dem Vereinigten Königreich und eine Variante ist die BLT. Ein Bestandteil, der verwendet wird, ist braune Soße und es sind verschiedene Namen wie Bacon Butty, Speck sarnie, rasher Sandwich, Speck Sanger, Stück 'n Speck, Speck Kob, Speck-Barm und Speck Muffin. 
Aus dem Vereinigten Königreich sind die Hauptzutaten des Speck-Sandwichs Brot und Speck und eine Konditionierung, oft Ketchup oder braune Soße. It can also be known as a Speck butty, Speck sarnie, rasher sandwich, Speck Sanger, piece 'n Speck, Speck cob, Speck barm, or Speck Muffin. 
Gebackene Alaska hat die wichtigsten Zutaten von Meringue, Eis und Biskuitkuchen (oder Weihnachtspudding). Sie findet sich in Frankreich, den USA, China, @ Hong Kong, New York und Paris. 
Gebackenes Alaska kommt entweder aus Paris, New York USA oder Hongkong. Meringue, Eis, Biskuitkuchen oder Weihnachtspudding sind Hauptzutaten im gebackenen Alaska. 
The Bakewell tart is popular in the Derbyshire Dales area which is part of Derbyshire. Es ist eine Variante von Bakewell Pudding und benutzt Frangischeibe. 
Bakewell tart ist eine Variante von Bakewell Pudding, die aus den Derbyshire Dales stammt. Es ist ein Dessert, das die Hauptzutaten von Erdmandeln, Marmelade, Butter und Eiern hat. 
Aus der Region Derbyshire Dales (in Derbyshire) ist Bakewell Pudding. Eine Variante, von der, ist Bakewell tart, sein Hauptbestandteil ist Shortcrust Gebäck. 
Bandeja paisa ist ein kolumbianisches Gericht aus der Region Paisa. Seine wichtigsten Zutaten sind rote Bohnen, Schweinefleisch-Bauch, weißer Reis, Bodenfleisch, Chicharon, gebratenes Ei, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao Soße, schwarzer Pudding (Morcilla), Avocado und Zitrone. 
Batagor ist ein indonesisches Essen und eine Variante des Siomay-Gerichts. Es enthält einen gebratenen Fisch stumm mit Tofu und Gemüse in peanut suace. 
Batagor ist im Land Indonesien gefunden. Es handelt sich um eine Variante von Siomay oder Shumai, zu der auch Shiitake gehört. 
Rindfleisch Kway Teow ist ein Gericht aus dem Land Singapur, wo Halimah Yacob Führer ist und Standard-Chinesisch gesprochen wird. Das Gericht stammt aus der Region Indonesien. 
Rindfleisch Kway Teow ist ein Gericht in Singapur und Indonesien. Kway Teow, Rinderbügel, Gula Melaka, geschnitten, getrocknete schwarze Bohnen, Knoblauch, dunkle Sojasauce, lengkuas, Austernsoße, Sojasauce, Chilli und Sesamöl sind die wichtigsten Zutaten in Rindfleisch Kway Teow. 
Rindfleisch Kway Teow ist bekannt dafür, aus der Region Singapur und auch Indonesien zu kommen. Es sind die wichtigsten Zutaten sind Kway Teow, Rindfleisch tender loin, gula Melaka, geschnitten, getrocknete schwarze Bohnen, Knoblauch, dunkle Sojasauce, lengkuas, Austernsoße, Sojasauce, Chilli und Sesamöl. 
Rindfleisch Kway Teow kommt aus der Region Singapur, wo die englische Sprache gesprochen wird. Das Gericht findet sich in den Ländern Indonesien und Singapur. Der Führer von Singapur ist Tony Tan. 
Bhajji kommt aus dem Land Indien, wo zwei der Führer sind T.S. Thakur und Narendra Modi. Es ist auch dort, wo die indische Rupie die Währung ist. 
Bhajji stammt aus Indien, woher das indische Volk kommt. Die Führer des Landes sind T S Thakur und Sumitra Mahajan. 
Bhajji kommt aus der Region Karnataka in Indien. Narendra Modi ist der Name des Führers von Indien, ein weiterer Führer ist Sumitra Mahajan. 
Bhajji kommt aus Karnataka, Indien. Ein Führer in Indien ist T.S. Thakur und ein weiterer Vajubhai Vala. 
Cookies und binignit sind Arten von Dessert. Eine der ingrediens in binignit ist süße Kartoffel, die zur Bestellung Solanales gehört. 
Sauerrahm, gehackte Früchte, verdichtete Milch. Granola, Rosinen und geschredderte Kokosnuss sind die Hauptzutaten in Bionico, einem Essen, das in Guadalajara, in Mexiko, gefunden wird. 
Bionico ist ein Lebensmittel, das in der Region Jalisco in Mexiko gefunden wurde; seine Zutaten enthalten folgendes: Sauerrahm, gehackte Früchte, verdichtete Milch. Granola, Rosinen und geschredderte Kokosnuss. 
Bakso ist ein chinesisches Gericht in Indonesien, dessen Führer Jusuf Kalla ist. Jakarta ist die Hauptstadt Indonesiens. 
Bakso kommt aus Indonesien, und Sellerie ist ein Hauptbestandteil. Jasuf Kalla ist führend in Indonesien. 
Zwei Führer Italiens, wo Amatriciana Sauce gefunden wird, sind Matteo Renzi und Sergio Mattarella. Seine Hauptstadt ist Rom. 
Ayam Penyet kommt aus der Region Singapurs und Halimah Yacob ist der Führer des Landes. Es ist auch in Java zu finden, wo Baduy Volk eine ethnische Gruppe ist. 
Ayam penyet ist ein Gericht aus Java und Singapur. Der Führer des Letzteren ist Tony Tan und die Banyumasan Menschen sind eine ethnische Gruppe aus Java. 
Die Sprache, die auf den Philippinen gesprochen wird, ist philippinische Spanisch und batchoy wird dort gegessen. Ethnischen Gruppen gehören die llocano Menschen und die Moro Menschen. 
Adams County, Pennsylvania has Carrol County, Maryland to its Südost and Pennsylvania 's Cumberland County is to the north of the Adams County. Das 11. Mississippi-Infanterie-Denkmal ist in Adams County der Gemeinde Gettysburg Pennsylvania. . 
Das 11. Mississippi Infantry Monument ist eine beitragende Immobilie in Adams County, Pennsylvania, mit Franklin County im Westen und Carrol County, Maryland im Südosten. 
Baku, die Hauptstadt Aserbaidschans ist der Ort der türkischen Martyrs-Gedenkstätte, die den Soldaten der osmanischen Armee gewidmet ist, die in der Schlacht von Baku getötet wurden. Die Gedenkstätte wurde von Huseyin Butuner und Hilmi Guner entworfen. 
Baku ist die Hauptstadt von Aserbaidschan und der Führer der Legislative (die Nationalversammlung) ist Artur Rasizade. Aserbaidschan ist der Standort der Baku Turkish Martyrs Gedenkstätte. 
Der rote Granit und der weiße Marmor @ Baku Turkish Martyrs 'Memorial ist der osmanischen Armee Soldiers gewidmet, die in der Schlacht von Baku getötet wurden, und befindet sich in Baku, Aserbaidschan, wo der Führer Artur Rasizade ist. 
Die Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial, die der osmanischen Armee Soldiers in der Schlacht von Baku gewidmet ist, befindet sich in Aserbaidschan, wo der offizielle Führer (Premierminister von Aserbaidschan) heißt Artur Rasizade. 
Der vollständige Name von A.C. Chievo Verona ist Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. Und ihre Heimstätte in Verona, Italien hält 39371 Fans. Der Verein spielte die Saison 2014-15 in der Serie A. 
Italienisch geboren Rolando Maran verwaltet Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona. Er ist auch in der Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D. Club und spielen für Carrarese Calcio. 
Michele Marcolini, Manager von A.C. Lumezzane, wurde in Italien geboren. Und wurde mit F.C. in Verbindung gebracht. Bari 1908. 
Griechenland, angeführt von Alexis Tsipras und Nikos Voutsis ist der Standort von A.E. Dimitra Efxeinoupolis, wo die Sprache greek ist. 
Der vollständige Name des italienischen Clubs AS Gubbio 1910 ist "Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl". Sie haben in der Saison 2014 gespielt und sie haben 5300 Mitglieder. 
Der Vollname von A.S. Gubbio 1910 ist Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl und sie konkurrierten in der Saison 2014. Ihr Boden heißt das Stadio Pietro Barbetti und sie haben 5300 Mitglieder. 
Der Vollname von A.S. Livorno Calcio ist Livorno Calcio S.p.A. und ihre Heimat ist das Stadio Armando Picchi. Sie traten während der Saison 2014-15 in der Serie B an und hat 19238 Mitglieder. 
A.s. Roma ist die Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. und hat 70634 Mitglieder. Ihr Boden ist in Rom und der Verein spielte 2014-15 in der Serie A. 
Azal PFK spielen ihre Heimspiele in der Azal Arena in Aserbaidschan und sie konkurrieren in der Aserbaidschan Premier League, wo Qarabag FK Meister ist. 
Azal PRK, bekannt als Qarabag FK in der Aserbaidschan Premier League, befindet sich in der Azal Arena und hat 3500 Mitglieder. 
John van den Brom spielt für AFC Ajax und Istanbulspor A.S. Er verwaltet die AZ Alkmaair, die im Besitz von Robert Eenhoorn ist. 
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, die den Spitznamen Asa Gigante hat, spielen in der Campeonato Brasileiro série C Liga aus Brasilien. Die Liga wurde zuvor von Vila Nova Futebol Clube gewonnen. 
Brasilianische Fußballmannschaft Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense spielen ihren Fußball in der Campeonato Brasileiro série C Liga. Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C ist eine brasilianische Liga. Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense siegte im Jahr 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro série C. Die Vila Nova Futebol Clube waren die Gewinner des Campeonato Brasileiro série C. 
3000 Mitglieder starke Akron Summit Assault, Vollname "Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault", spielen in der PDL-Saison 2011. Denzil Antonio war zuvor ihr Manager. 
Das Akron Summit Assault Team hat seinen Sitz in Akron, Ohio, USA. Sie spielen in der Premier Development League, die von K-W United FC gewonnen wurde. 
Der Boden von A.S. Gubbio 1910 befindet sich in Italien, wo die Hauptstadt Rom ist, der Führer ist Sergio Mattarella und die Sprache gesprochen ist Italienisch. 
Die Hauptstadt von Italien ist Rom und der Führer ist Pietro Grasso. Die italienische Sprache wird in dem Land gesprochen, das der Ort der Heimstätte des AS Gubbio 1910 ist. 
Die "Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A." ist der nicht verkürzte Name von A.S. Roma mit ihrem Boden im Stadio Olimpico. A.s. Roma spielen in der Serie A, deren aktueller Meister ist Juventus F.C. 
Die Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in der Schweiz hat 100 Mitarbeiter, der Dekan heißt Mario Botta. 
Die Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio wurde 1996 in der Schweiz gegründet. Sie hat 600 Schüler. Der Spitzenkandidat der Schweiz ist der Bundeskanzler. 
Die Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio (Dean - Mario Botta) wurde 1996 gegründet, hat einen akademischen Mitarbeiter von 100 und befindet sich in der Stadt Mendrisio. 
Das Acharya Institute of Technology hat eine Zugehörigkeit zur Visvesvaraya Technological University (Belgaum) und erhielt vom All India Council for Technical Education, das sich in Mumbai befindet, den Status "Technical Campus". 
Das Acharya Institute of Technology befindet sich in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sardampfalli Radharkrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090, Indien. Sie hat 700 postgraduierte Studenten. 
Das Acharya Institute of Technology (Direktor - Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar), befindet sich in Indien, wurde im Jahr 2000 gegründet und ist verbunden mit Visvesvaraya Technological University. 
Die 1 Decembrie 1918 Universität befindet sich in Rumänien (Hauptstadt Bukarest). Der Führer Rumäniens ist Klaus Lohannis und die Volksgruppe ist Deutsche von Rumänien. 
Die School of Business and Social Sciences an der Aarhus Universität befindet sich in Dänemark und ist dem Europäischen Hochschulverband angeschlossen. Es wurde 1928 gegründet und hat 737 akademische Mitarbeiter. 
Die School of Business and Social Sciences an der Universität Aarhus wurde 1928 in Dänemark gegründet. Es hat ein akademisches Personal von 737 und ein Studentenwerk von 16000. 
1634: Die bayerische Krise war 1634 vorausgegangen: Der Baltische Krieg (Autor: David Weber) und gefolgt von Ring of Fire II, der auf Englisch verfasst ist. 
1634: Die Ram Rebellion wurde von Virginia DeMarce geschrieben und hat 512 Seiten. Es kann als eBook gefunden werden und hat die ISBN Nummer von 1-4165-2060-0. 
Die AIDS-Zeitschrift wird von Lippincott, Williams & Wilkins im Vereinigten Königreich veröffentlicht. Die Hauptstadt des Landes ist London und ihr Anführer ist Elizabeth II. 
Eine Festung von Grey Ice wurde von J. V. Jones geschrieben und ist in der Printausgabe erhältlich. Das Buch, das die ISBN Nummer 0-7653-0633-6 hat. Sie hat auch die OCLC-Nummer 51969173. 
Herausgegeben von Viking Press, dem irischen Roman A Long Long Way war Annie Dunne vorausgegangen und gefolgt von The Secret Schrift. 
A Severed Wasp is available in print, with The Library of Congress Classification PS3523.E55 S4 1982. Seine ISBN Nummer ist 0-374-26131-8, und seine OCLC-Nummer ist 8805735. 
Englisch wird in Großbritannien gesprochen und ist die Sprache, die in A Severed Wasp verwendet wird. Das Buch stammt aus den USA, wo die afrikanischen Amerikaner eine ethnische Gruppe sind. 
Ein Severed Wasp wurde in Hardback veröffentlicht und hat 388 Seiten. Die OCLC-Nummer von A Severed Wasp ist 8805735 und die ISBN Nummer von "0-374-26131-8". 
Ein Zauberer von Mars, geschrieben von Diane Duane, ist in Hardcover erhältlich, hat die ISBN Nummer 978-0-15-204770-2 und die OCLC-Nummer 318875313. 
Es geht um das Thema Drogensucht und hat die LCCN-Nummer 93645978. Der verkürzte Name lautet "Drogensucht" und die ISSN-Nummer ist 1360-0443. 
Cornell University in Ithaca, New York ist der Verlag der Verwaltungswissenschaft Quarterly. Die Universität ist mit dem Verband der amerikanischen Universitäten verbunden. 
Das Buch Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians wurde auf Englisch geschrieben und kommt aus den USA, wo die Hauptstadt Washington DC und die afrikanischen Amerikaner eine ethnische Gruppe sind. 
Das American Journal of Mathematics ist abgekürzt zu Am. J. Mathematik. Und kommt unter die Disziplin Math. Es wird bimonthly veröffentlicht und hat die ISSN-Nummer 1080-6377. 
Die akademische Disziplin des American Journal of Mathematics ist Mathematik, veröffentlicht im Jahr 1878. 
Englisch ist die Sprache in Großbritannien und den USA. Ein Loyal Character Dancer wurde von Soho Press in den USA veröffentlicht. 
Die Sprache der Vereinigten Staaten und Großbritannien ist Englisch. Die Vereinigten Staaten haben eine ethnische Gruppe namens asiatische Amerikaner und ist dort, wo ein abgetrennter Wasp stammt. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States where one of the ethnic groups are the Native Americans. Die englische Sprache wird sowohl in den USA als auch in Großbritannien gesprochen. 
Im Vereinigten Königreich ist der Premierminister David Cameron und die Königin ist Elizabeth II. Die AIDS-Zeitschrift wurde im Vereinigten Königreich von Lippincott, Williams & Wilkins veröffentlicht. 
Eine Festung von Grey Ice stammt aus den Vereinigten Staaten, wo die afrikanische Amerikanerin eine ethnische Gruppe ist und Englisch gesprochen wird wie in Großbritannien. 
Eine Festung von Grey Ice stammt aus den USA. Dieses Land hat eine ethnische Gruppe namens asiatische Amerikaner und sie sprechen Englisch, ähnlich wie in Großbritannien. 
Ein abgetrennter Wasp stammt aus den USA, wo der Anführer Barack Obama ist. Die englische Sprache wird in den USA gesprochen, wo eine der ethnischen Gruppen afrikanische Amerikanerin ist. 
Mit einer Fahrbahnlänge von 2194,0 bedient Abilene Regionalflughafen Abiliene, Teil von Jones County, Texas, in den USA. 
Abilene, Texas wird von dem Regionalflughafen von Abilene bedient, der 546 Meter über dem Meeresspiegel liegt und die ICAO-Standortkennung von Kabi hat. Er hat den Fahrbahnnamen von 17L / 35R mit einer Länge von 2194,0. 
Dienst der Stadt Abilene in Texas, ist Abilene Regional Airport. Es hat den ICAO Location Identifier Kabi und den Start- und Landebahn-Namen 17R / 35l. Der Flughafen ist 546 Meter über dem Meeresspiegel und hat eine Fahrbahnlänge von 2194,0. 
Der Flughafen Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas wird von ENAIRE betrieben und befindet sich in Madrid.Der Flughafen liegt 610,0 Meter über dem Meeresspiegel und hat eine 4.349 Kilometer lange Landebahn, deren Name 14L / 32r ist. 
Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh Bundelkhand, it 's ICAO location Identifier is VIAG. Der Anführer von Utterar Pradesh ist Ram Naik. 
RAM Naik ist der Anführer von Uttar Pradesh, der Teil von Awadh und Bundelkhand ist. It is the location of Agra airport which has the native name of Kheria Air Force Station. 
Al Asad wird von der United States Air Force betrieben. Einige seiner Flugzeuge sind die Boeing C-17 Globemaster III (Transportflugzeuge), General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon (Flugzeugkämpfer) und die Lockheed AC-130, die auf USAF-Flugzeugträgern zu finden sind. Der USAF war an der Invasion von Panama beteiligt. 
Die US-Luftwaffe hat im Koreakrieg gekämpft. Sie ist die Betriebsorganisation für die Luftwaffenbasis Al Asad. Es hat eine Boeing C-17 Globemaster III Transportflugzeuge und zusätzlich ist der Lockheed AC-130 auf USAF-Flugzeugträgern zu finden. McDonnell Douglas F- Eagle war ein Fighter Aircraft der United States Air Force. 
Das Transportflugzeug für die United States Air Force ist die Lockheed C-130 Hercules. Und Lockheed AC-130 ist auf USAF-Flugzeugträgern zu finden. Sowohl der Koreanische Krieg als auch die Invasion von Grenda betrafen die United States Air Force, die derzeit die Al Asad Airbase betreibt. 
Die Invasionen von Grenada und Panama betrafen die United States Air Force, die heute den Luftwaffenstützpunkt Al Asad betreibt. Die Air Force verfügt über mehrere Flugzeugtypen wie die Boeing C-17 Globemaster III Transportflugzeuge und die Lockheed AC-130, die auf USAF-Flugzeugträgern zu finden sind. 
Allama Iqbal International Airport befindet sich in Punjab Pakistan und bedient Lahore, Pakistan. Die pakistanische Zivilluftfahrtbehörde regelt den internationalen Flughafen Allama Iqbal. Das Land wird von Anwar Zaheer Jamali geführt. 
Die pakistanische Zivilluftfahrtbehörde ist die Betriebsorganisation des internationalen Flughafens Allama Iqbal. Der Flughafen dient der Stadt Lahore, in Pakistan, wo Shehbaz Sharif der Führer ist, es ist auch dort, wo der Allama Iqbal International Airport gefunden wird, in Punjab, Pakistan. 
Der Andrews County Airport befindet sich in Texas und bedient Andrews. Der Flughafen liegt 973,0 unter dem Meeresspiegel, hat eine Fahrbahnlänge von 896, und eine Landebahn mit dem Namen 11 / 29. 
Der Flughafen Andrews County befindet sich in Texas in den USA, wo Spanisch eine der gesprochenen Sprachen ist. Houston ist die größte Stadt des Staates und ihre Hauptstadt ist Austin. 
Houston ist die größte Stadt in Texas, wo Austin die Hauptstadt ist. Der Flughafen Andrews County befindet sich in Texas und einige Texaner sprechen Spanisch. 
Der internationale Flughafen Angola ist in Ícolo e Bengo, (Provinz Luanda), der Flughafen dient Luanda und ist 159 Meter über dem Meeresspiegel. 
Angola International Airport befindet sich in Ícolo e Bengo, Luanda, Angola. Die Fahrbahn ist 4000ft lang und ist 159m ü.M. 
Die flämische Abteilung für Mobilität und öffentliche Arbeiten ist die Betriebsorganisation des Internationalen Flughafens von Antwerpen, der im Besitz der Flämischen Region ist. Der Flughafen dient der Stadt Antwerpen, ist 12,0 Meter über dem Meeresspiegel und hat eine Fahrbahnlänge von 600,0. 
The city of Appleton is served by Appleton International Airport located 280 metres above sea level in Greenville, Wisconsin. Die Fahrbahn am Flughafen ist 3 / 21 und ist 2439 in der Länge. 
The city of Appleton is served by Appleton International Airport in Greenville (part of Menasha), Clayton Winnebago County, Wisconsin, United States. 
Ardmore Airport in Neuseeland wird von der Zivilluftfahrtbehörde betrieben und liegt 34 Meter über dem Meeresspiegel. Es hat eine Landebahn namens 03R / 21L, die 1.411 lang ist und ihre dritte Startbahn hat eine poaceae Oberfläche. 
Turkmenistan Airlines betreibt Ashgabat International Airport in Aschgabat. Der Flughafen ist 211 Meter über dem Meeresspiegel, hat die Fahrbahnlänge von 2989,0 und 12R / 30L ist der Fahrbahnname. 
Der internationale Flughafen Atlantic City hat eine Fahrbahnlänge von 1.873 und wird von der Hafenbehörde von New York und New Jersey betrieben. Es liegt 23 Meter über dem Meeresspiegel, hat die Start- und Landebahn von 4 / 22 und ist bekannt durch die ICAO Location Identifier KACY. 
Die flämische Regierung ist für die flämische Region Belgien zuständig. Der Führer des Landes ist Charles Michel und die Stadt Antwerpen wird vom internationalen Flughafen Antwerpen bedient. 
Der Regionalflughafen Adirondack bedient die Stadt Lake Placid und Saranac Lake in New York. Saranac Lake is part of Harrietstown and Essex County in New York in the U.S. 
Alan Bean war ein Amerikaner, der in Wheeler, Texas, geboren wurde. Er diente als Testpilot und wurde Besatzungsmitglied von Apollo 12, das von der NASA betrieben wurde. 
Alan Shepard, geboren in New Hampshire am 18. November 1923, studierte am NWC im Jahr 1957 mit einem M.A. Er starb am 21. Juli 1998 in Kalifornien. 
Alan Shepard, geboren in New Hampshire, ist in Kalifornien gestorben. Nach dem Abschluss von NWC, MA im Jahr 1957 diente er als Testpilot. 
Der verstorbene Alan Shepard wurde in New Hampshire geboren und wurde 1959 von der NASA als Besatzungsmitglied von Apollo 14 gewählt. 
Alan Bean (geboren in Wheeler, Texas) war ein Besatzungsmitglied von Apollo 12 von der NASA und war im Raum 100305 Minuten. Apollo 12 wurde von David Scott kommandiert und Alfred Worden war ein Backup-Pilot. 
Alan Shepard (* 18. November 1923 in New Hampshire) wurde von der United States Navy Distinguished Service Medal ausgezeichnet, die höher ist als die Goldmedaille in Kalifornien. 
Elliot See wurde in Dallas geboren und besuchte später die University of Texas in Austin. Die University of Texas in Austin ist mit der University of Texas System verbunden und tritt in der Big 12 Conference an. Heute ist Gregory L. Fenves der Präsident der Universität. 
Elliot See, Absolvent der University of Texas in Austin, verstarb am 28. Februar 1966 in St. Louis. Er wurde in Dallas geboren. 
Elliot See wurde in Dallas geboren, eine Grafschaft in Texas. Er besuchte die University of Texas in Austin, die an das System der University of Texas angeschlossen ist. Die University of Texas in Austin wird Teil des Big 12 Conference Wettbewerbs sein. 
Elliot See wurde in Dallas geboren und studierte an der University of Texas in Austin (das an die Universität von Texas angeschlossen ist). Er starb in St. Louis. 
William Anders war Mitglied der Apollo 8 Crew (betrieben von der NASA) und trat am 1. September 1969 in den Ruhestand. Frank Borman war der Kommandant von Apollo 8 und Buzz Aldrin war ein Back-up-Pilot. 
20 Fenchurch Street befindet sich im Vereinigten Königreich, wo London die Hauptstadt ist, und die Währung ist Pfund Sterling. Boris Johnson ist der Führer in London, und einer der Führer des Vereinigten Königreichs ist Elizabeth II. 
250 Delaware Avenue wurde in Buffalo New York zu einem Preis von 110 Millionen Dollar gebaut. Der Bau begann im Januar 2014 und das Gebäude hat zwölf Stockwerke mit einer Fläche von 30843,8 Quadratmetern. 
Rahm Emanuel ist der Führer von Chicago, DuPage County, Illinois, Vereinigte Staaten, die die Lage des Gebäudes auf 300 North LaSalle, die 60 Etagen hat. 
3Arena (im Besitz von Live Nation Entertainment) befindet sich in Dublin, Republik Irland. Dáil Éireann ist ein Führer in Dublin, das Teil von Leinster ist. 
Adisham Hall in Sri Lanka wurde zwischen 1927 und 1931 in St. Benedicts Kloster, Adisham, Haputhale, Sri Lanka im Tudor und Jacobean Stil der Architektur errichtet. 
Adisham Hall befindet sich in Haputale, Sri Lanka. Die Hauptstadt Sri Lankas ist Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte, die Sprache, die im Land verwendet wird, ist tamilisch und die Währung ist die hessische Rupie. 
Ranil Wickremesinghe ist der Führer von Sri Lanka, wo die Hauptstadt Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte und die Währung ist die hessische Rupie. Adisham Hall befindet sich im Land bei Haputale. 
Die wichtigste ethnische Gruppe in Japan sind die Japaner und der Führer ist tarō Asō. Akita Museum of Art ist in Akita, Akita, die Teil von Japan und der Präfektur Akita ist. 
Amdavad ni Gufa befindet sich in Gujarat, Ahmedabad, Indien. Der Führer von Gujarat ist bekannt als die Nationalversammlung von Gujarat, und der Führer Indiens ist Narendra Modi. 
Amdavad ni Gufa befindet sich in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, Indien; angeführt von der gesetzgebenden Versammlung von Gujarat, einschließlich des Führers T S Thakur. 
Das 476 bed ampara Hospital befindet sich im Osten der Provinz Sri Lanka, wo Austin Fernando der Führer ist. Der Landesvorsitzende ist Ranil Wickremesinghe. 
Julia Morgan, die in Kalifornien geboren wurde, entwarf die Asilomar Conference Grounds, das Los Angeles Herald Prüfer-Gebäude, The Riverside Art Musuem und Hearst Castle. 
Asilomar Conference Grounds wurde von Julia Morgan (geboren in Kalifornien) entworfen, die für eine Reihe von Gebäuden, darunter Hearst Castle und The Riverside Art Museum, und ihre Arbeit in San Franciscos Chinatown bekannt ist. 
Die Konferenz von Asilomar wurde 1913 errichtet. Sie befinden sich in Pacific Grove, Kalifornien und wurden am 27. Februar 1987 in das National Register of Historic Places (mit der Referenznummer 87000823) aufgenommen. The grounds are in the architectural style of the Arts and Crafts Movement. 
Asser Levy Public Baths, erbaut 1904 in einem romanischen Revival-Stil, befindet sich an der 23. Straße (Manhattan). The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23, with Reference Number 80002709. 
Die Asser Levy Public Bäder finden Sie in New York City, New York, USA. Ein weiterer Teil von New York City ist Manhattan, wo Gale Brewer der Anführer ist. 
103 Colmore Row wurde vom Architekten John Madin entworfen, der in Birmingham geboren wurde, wo die Postleitzahl 'B' ist. Andrew Mitchell ist der Führer der Stadt und Birmingham City Council ist das Führungsgremium. 
Hailemariam Desalegn und Mulatu Teshome sind führend in Äthiopien. Das Stadion von Addis Abeba und das Rathaus von Addis Abeba befinden sich beide innerhalb des Landes in Addis Abeba. 
The President is the primary leader of German language speaking United States, (includes leader John Roberts), has the ethnic African American group and is home to 250 Delaware Avenue. 
Joe Biden ist ein Führer der Vereinigten Staaten, der von einem Präsidenten geleitet wird. Die Weißen Amerikaner sind eine der ethnischen Gruppen des Landes, das die englische Sprache benutzt und wo sich 250 Delaware Avenue befindet. 
Bananaman wurde auf der BBC gezeigt, zuerst lüften am 3. Oktober 1983 und die letzte Sendung ist der 15. April 1986. Es wurde von John Geering erstellt und spielte Tim Brooke Taylor. 
Baymax ist eine Figur aus dem Film Big Hero 6 mit Scott Adsit. Er wurde von Steven T Seagle und dem Amerikaner Duncan Rouleau gegründet. 
Aus Andalusien, Spanien, wird Ajoblanco mit Brot, Mandeln, Knoblauch, Wasser und Olivenöl hergestellt. Ajo blanco ist eine Alternative zu Ajoblanco. 
Tomaten, Guanciale, Käse und Olivenöl sind die wichtigsten Zutaten in der traditionellen Amatriciana Soße, die aus der Region Latium stammt und in einem italienischen Essen zu finden ist. 
Arem-arem, ein Javanisches Gericht, wird gemeinhin in Indonesien serviert, wo der Anführer Joko Widodo ist. Es ist auch dort, wo die Währung die indonesische rupiah ist und wo die indonesische Sprache gesprochen wird. 
Sergio Mattarella ist ein Führer in Italien, einem Land, in dem Rom die Hauptstadt ist, und sowohl das Volk als auch die gesprochene Sprache sind Italienisch. Arrabbiata-Sauce findet man in Italien. 
Ximo Puig ist ein Führer der valencianischen Gemeinschaft, wo arros negre stammt. Es ist ein traditionelles Gericht aus Spanien, wo die Menschen Spanier genannt werden und der Führer ist Felipe VI. von Spanien. 
ASAM pedas ist ein Lebensmittel auf der malaiischen Halbinsel von Malaysia, dessen Hauptstadt Kuala Lumpur ist, und umfasst die malaysischen chinesischen und malaysischen Indianer. 
Malaysische indische und malaysische Chinesen sind zwei der ethnischen Gruppen in Malaysia, wo Arifin Zakaria der Führer ist. ASAM pedas wird in Malaysia gefunden und stammt aus der Region der Malaiischen Halbinsel. 
Ayam Penyet ist ein bundesweit gemachter Javaner, der auch in Malaysia und Singapur zu finden ist. Es sollte heiß serviert werden und enthält die wichtigsten Zutaten von gepresstem oder zertrümmertem gebratenem Huhn, das mit sambal serviert wird. 

Speck Explosion ist ein Gericht, das in den Vereinigten Staaten, wo Englisch ist die Sprache gesprochen und die Hauptstadt ist Washington DC. Barack Obama ist Chef der USA und Native Americans ist eine der ethnischen Gruppen des Landes. 
Gebackene Alaska stammt aus Frankreich, wo die Landessprache Französisch ist und einer der Anführer ist Gerard Larcher. Das Dessert wird auch in Hong Kong serviert, wo der Führer Carrie Lam ist. 
Bakewell Tart (oder Pudding) stammt aus dem Derbyshire Dales Gebiet von Derbyshire, wo Patrick McLoughlin führend ist. Die Tart wird mit Shortcrust-Gebäck hergestellt. 
Bandeja paisa ist ein Gericht aus der kolumbianischen Küche und stammt aus der Paisa-Region. Eine der Zutaten in bandeja paisa ist Zitrone, die ein Mitglied der Familie Rutaceae ist und ist von der Gattung Zitrusfrüchte. 
Bandeja paisa ist eine typisch kolumbianische Küche, die aus der Paisa-Region stammt und Zitrone enthält. Die Zitrone gehört der Familie rutaceae und der Bestellung von ROSIDS. 
Barny Cakes, die aus Schwamm-Kuchen hergestellt werden, stammen aus Frankreich, wo Gerard Larcher und Claude Bartolone führend sind und Französisch ist die Sprache gesprochen. 
Erstellt von Mondelez International (gegründet in Chicago), Barny Cakes kommt aus Frankreich, wo Gerard Larcher Führer ist und sie sprechen Französisch. 
Englisch sprechende Singapur, angeführt von Tony Tan und Halimah Yacob, bietet das Gericht Beef Kway Teow, auch in Indonesien gefunden. 
Bhajji ist auch bekannt als Bhaji oder bajj, stammt aus der Region Karnataka in Indien. Es besteht in der Regel aus Gemüse und Gramm Mehl. 
Inder ist der Name für Menschen aus Indien und die Führer sind Sumitra Mahajan und Vajubhai Vala. Bhajji stammt aus der Region Karnataka in Indien. 
Bionico ist ein Dessert von Jalisco, Mexio. Der Führer in Jalisco ist Jesus Casillas Romero. Ein weiteres Dessert ist ein Kuchen. 
Eine Art Dessert ist ein Kuchen. Allerdings ist Bionico kein Kuchen, und stattdessen ein Dessert aus der Region Guadalajara, in Mexiko. Mexiko ist dort, wo Enrique Pena Nieto der Anführer ist. 
Patrick McLoughlin ist der Anführer von Derbyshire Dales in der Grafschaft Derbyshire. Bakewell tart, eine Variante von Bakewell Pudding, kommt aus den Derbyshire Dales und enthält Frangischeibe. 
Patrick McLoughlin ist der Anführer von Derbyshire Dales, das Teil von Derbyshire ist. Kommen aus der Derbyshire Dales Region ist Bakewell tart (eine Variation von Bakewell Pudding), die Frangischeibe als Zutat hat. 
Jakarta ist die Hauptstadt von Indonesien, wo der Führer Jusuf Kalla ist, sie sprechen Indonesisch und essen bakso. 
Italien ist das Land Amatriciana Sauce kommt und die Menschen dort werden Italiener genannt. Hauptstadt ist Rom und die Verantwortlichen sind Matteo Renzi und Sergio Mattarella. 
Halimah Yacob ist der Führer in Singapur, wo Englisch gesprochen wird und das Gericht Ayam penyet ist. Es stammt auch aus Java, einem Land, in dem eine der ethnischen Gruppen das Baduy ist. 
Die Philippinen sind das Land, aus dem das Gericht Batchoy stammt. Die llocano und Igorot Völker sind ethnische Gruppen von den Philippinen, wo Sprachen gesprochen sind Arabisch und Phillippine Englisch. 
Bundesweit in Indonesien und Singapur verfügbar, ist Beef Kway Teow ein Gericht, das aus Singapur kommt, wo Englisch gesprochen wird. Es ist auch dort, wo zwei der Führer Halimah Yacob und Tony Tan sind. 
Ajoblanco ist ein Gericht aus Spanien, wo die Währung der Euro ist, der Führer ist Felipe VI., die Sprache gesprochen ist Spanisch und die Menschen, die dort leben, werden Spanier genannt. 
Das 11. Mississippi-Infanterie-Denkmal befindet sich in der Gemeinde Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania. Adams County liegt östlich von Franklin County und südlich von Cumberland County. Maryland 's Carrol County liegt im Südosten. 
Die Hauptstadt Aserbaidschans ist Baku und der Führer und Premierminister von Aserbaidschan heißt Artur Rasizade. Das Baku Turkish Martyr 's Memorial befindet sich in Aserbaidschan und die Legislative ist bekannt als die Nationalversammlung. 
Das Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial in Aserbaidschan ist der osmanischen Armee Soldiers gewidmet, die in der Schlacht von Baku getötet wurde und von Huseyin Butuner und Hilmi Guner entworfen wurde. Das Denkmal ist auch durch den einheimischen Namen Türk Şehitleri Anıtı bekannt. Aserbaidschans Führer ist Artur Rasizade. 
Huseyin Butuner und Hilmi Guner gestalteten den roten Granit und weißen Marmor Baku Turkish Martyrs Gedenkstätte in Aserbaidschan. Es ist auch bekannt als Turk Sehitleri Aniti und ist den Soldaten der osmanischen Armee gewidmet, die in der Schlacht von Baku getötet wurden. 
Die Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial, entworfen von Huseyin Butuner und Hilmi Guner und aus Granit und weißem Marmor, ist der osmanischen Armee Soldiers gewidmet, die in der Schlacht von Baku getötet wurden. Die Gedenkstätte findet sich in Aserbaidschan, dessen Führer der Ministerpräsident ist. 
Gordon Marsden ist der Führer von Blackpool, wo sich AFC Blackpool befindet. Ihr Manager ist Stuart Parker, der Mitglied des Chesterfield FC ist und für den KV Mechelen spielt. 
Olympiacos F.C. Waren früher Meister in der Griechenland-Superliga, tritt die Liga AEK Athens FC an. Ihr Manager ist Gus Poyet, dessen Klub Real Zaragoza ist, obwohl er für Chelsea F.C. spielte. 
Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca ist der Name des Bodens der Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense. Es befindet sich in Alagoas. Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense spielen in der Campeonato Brasileiro série C Liga aus Brasilien. Die Vila Nova Futebol Clube wurden Meister bei der série C. 
Vila Nova Futebol Clube wurden Meister der Campeonato Brasileiro série C. Liga in Brasilien. Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense spielen auch in der Liga und haben ihren Heimplatz im Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Arapiraca. 
Die Vila Nova Futebol Clube wurden Meister im Campeonato Brasileiro série C. in Brasilien. Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, die auch in der Liga spielen, haben 17000 Mitglieder und werden von vica verwaltet. 
Die Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio hatte 100 akademische Mitarbeiter und 600 Studenten. Sein Dekan ist Mario Botta. 
Die Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio befindet sich in Tessin, Schweiz. Es wurde 1996 gegründet und hat 600 Studenten. Spitzenkandidat der Schweiz ist Johann Schneider-Ammann. 
Das Acharya Institute of Technology ist mit der Visvesvaraya Technological University verbunden und befindet sich in Bangalore, Karnataka. Im Nordosten ist Telangana und im Westen das Arabische Meer. 
Das Acharya Institute of Technology befindet sich in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sardampfalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090, Indien. Die Schule wurde im Jahr 2000 gegründet und hat 700 Postgraduierte Studenten. 
Acharya Institute of Technology wurde von KEMPE Gowda I in Bangalore im Bundesstaat Karnataka gegründet. Es hat das Arabische Meer im Westen und ist mit der Visvesvaraya Technological University verbunden. 
Die 1 Decembrie 1918 Universität ist in Alba Iulia, Rumänien. Die Hauptstadt des Landes ist Bukarest und der Ministerpräsident ist Klaus Iohannis. 
Die School of Business and Social Sciences an der Universität Aarhus in Dänemark ist mit dem Europäischen Hochschulverband verbunden. Sie hat 16.000 Schüler, 737 Mitarbeiter. Und wurde 1928 gegründet. 
Faber und Faber sind die Herausgeber der geheimen Schrift, ein Nachfolger von A Long Long Way. Dieses Buch stammt aus Irland, das sich in Europa befindet und wo es eine ethnische Gruppe weißer Menschen gibt. 
Die ethnische Gruppe von Irland ist Weißes Volk und ist dort, wo ein langer langer Weg herkommt. Vorausgegangen war Annie Dunne und gefolgt von der geheimen Schrift, die von Faber und Faber veröffentlicht wird. 
Über den Veilchen steht ein australischer Roman und das Hinspiel gegen Aenir und Schloss. Später folgten Into Battle und The Violet Keystone. 
Die Cornell University befindet sich in Ithaca, New York und hat den Spitznamen Cornell Big Red. Sie sind der Verlag der Verwaltungswissenschaft Quarterly und sind mit dem Verband der amerikanischen Universitäten verbunden. 
The Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University, Ithaca, in the state of New York. Die Cornell University (mit dem Spitznamen "Cornell Big Red") ist mit der Association of Public and Land Grant Universitäten verbunden. 
Die Vereinigten Staaten sind die Heimat der ethnischen Gruppe afrikanischer Amerikaner und wird von Barack Obama geführt. Das Land ist der Ursprung des Buches Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians. Dieses Buch wurde auf Englisch geschrieben, wie es in Großbritannien gesprochen wurde. 
Ein Severed Wasp stammt aus den Vereinigten Staaten, die wie Großbritannien Englisch sprechen. Die Hauptstadt der USA ist Washington D.C und eine ethnische Gruppe sind die afrikanischen Amerikaner. 
Englisch wird in Großbritannien und den Vereinigten Staaten gesprochen, wo Joe Biden Führer ist, afrikanische Amerikaner sind eine ethnische Gruppe und Alcatraz Versus die Evil Librarians ist von dort. 
David Cameron und Elizabeth II. sind führend im Vereinigten Königreich. Das Land, das die englische Sprache benutzt, hat die Hauptstadt von London und ist dort, wo die AIDS-Zeitschrift ihren Ursprung hat. 
Die Führer des Vereinigten Königreichs sind Elizabeth II. und David Cameron. Die AIDS-Zeitschrift wird im Vereinigten Königreich von Lippincott, Williams & Wilkins veröffentlicht, deren Muttergesellschaft Wolters Kluwer ist. 
Die englische Sprache wird in Großbritannien gesprochen und A Severed Wasp wurde darin geschrieben, obwohl er aus den USA kommt. Barack Obama ist der Führer der Vereinigten Staaten, wo die Indianer eine ethnische Gruppe sind. 
Ein Severed Wasp stammt aus den USA, wo Barack Obama der Präsident ist. Englisch ist die Hauptsprache der USA und wird auch in Großbritannien gesprochen. Die einheimischen Amerikaner sind eine der nationalen ethnischen Gruppen. 
Der Amerikaner Alan Bean war Mitglied der NASA @ Apollo 12, die von David Scott kommandiert wurde. Bohne, der in Wheeler, Texas, geboren wurde, ist nun im Ruhestand. 
Der Amerikaner @ Alan Shepard wurde am 18. November 1923 in New Hampshire geboren. Er schloss mit einem M.A. Von NWC im Jahr 1957, und wurde 1959 von der NASA angeheuert. Shepard starb in Kalifornien. 
Alan Shepard wurde am 18. November 1923 in New Hampshire geboren. Er absolvierte NWC mit einem M.A. 1957 und wurde 1959 von der NASA ausgewählt. Sein Todesort war Kalifornien. 
Alan Shepard wurde am 18. November 1923 in New Hampshire geboren. Er diente als Besatzungsmitglied auf der NASA @ Apollo-14-Mission, bevor er am 1. August 1974 in den Ruhestand ging. Shepard verstarb in Kalifornien. 
Alan Shephard wurde in New Hampshire geboren. Er wurde mit dem amerikanischen Verteidigungsdienst Ribbon ausgezeichnet. Auch die United States Navy verlieh ihm @ the Distinguished Service Medal, die höher ist als das Department of Commerce Gold Medal. Er starb am 21. Juli 1998. 
Buzz Aldrin war ein Kampfpilot, der in Glen Ridge, New Jersey om 20. Januar 1930, geboren wurde. Sein richtiger Name ist Edwin E. Aldrin Jr. und nach dem Studium am MIT mit einem Doktortitel in Science im Jahr 1963 wurde er Mitglied von Apollo 11. 
Buzz Aldrin wurde 1930 in Glen Ridge New Jersey geboren. Er absolvierte sein Studium am MIT im Jahr 1963 und wurde im selben Jahr von der NASA eingestellt. Er war Mitglied der Apollo-11-Crew und ist nun im Ruhestand. 
Buzz Aldrin absolvierte 1963 das Massachusetts Institute of Technology mit einem Sc.D und wurde Kampfpilot. Er wurde 1963 für die NASA ausgewählt und wurde als Besatzungsmitglied (als Backup-Pilot) der von der NASA betriebenen Apollo-11-Mission ausgewählt. 
Elliot See wurde in Dallas als US-Nationalspieler geboren und absolvierte sein Studium an der University of Texas in Austin. Elliot See ist am 28. Februar 1966 in St. Louis gestorben. 
Elliot See wurde am 07 / 23 / 1927 in Dallas geboren und starb in St. Louis. Er besuchte die University of Texas in Austin, die ein Teil der Universität von Texas ist. 
William Anders wurde am 17. Oktober 1933 im britischen Hongkong geboren. Er hat sein Studium an der AFIT 1962 mit einem M.S. abgeschlossen und würde weiter als Kampfpilotin fungieren und als Besatzungsmitglied auf Apollo 8. Anders ging am 1. September 1969 in den Ruhestand. 
Ankara ist die türkische Hauptstadt und der Name des Landes ist Ahmet Davutoglu. Das Atatürk-Denkmal (İzmir) befindet sich in der Türkei. Pietro Canonica entwarf das Denkmal und es ist aus Bronze. Das Atatürk-Denkmal wurde am 27. Juli 1932 eingeweiht. 
Das Baku Turkish Martyrs 'Memorial wurde von Huseyin Butuner und Hilmi Guner entworfen und befindet sich in Aserbaidschan. Es ist der osmanischen Armee Soldiers gewidmet, die in der Schlacht von Baku getötet wurden. Der Führer, der Ministerpräsident von Aserbaidschan ist Artur Rasizade. 
Das 14. New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument befindet sich am Monocacy National Battlefield in der Nähe von Frederick, Maryland. Das Denkmal wurde 1907-07-11 gegründet und gehört zur Kategorie der historischen Bezirke in den Vereinigten Staaten. Das Denkmal hat der Nationalparkdienst zur Verfügung gestellt. 
The 14. New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield, in Frederick County, Maryland, United States. Das Denkmal wurde am 11. Juli 1907 gegründet. Es ist heute als historisches Viertel der Vereinigten Staaten eingestuft und befindet sich im Besitz der Nationalparkverwaltung. 
Die Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio im Tessin, Schweiz, wurde 1996 gegründet. Sie hat 600 Schüler. Schweizer Regierungschef ist Bundeskanzler @ Johann Schneider-Ammann. 
Acharya Institute of Technology ist in Bangalore, Indien im Bundesstaat Karnataka. Die Schule wurde im Jahr 2000 gegründet und ihr Direktor ist Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar. Die vollständige Adresse der Schule ist In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sardampfalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090. 
Das Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, Indien wurde im Jahr 2000 gegründet. Es ist verbunden mit der Visvesvaraya Technological University. Sein Präsident ist B.M. Reddy und sein Directore ist Dr. G.P. Prabhukumar. 
Das Acharya Institute of Technology in Mumbai, Karnataka erhielt den Status "Technological Campus" vom All India Council for Technical Education (in Mumbai). Das Acharya-Institut bietet Tennis und der Sportverband ist die Internationale Tennis-Stiftung. Karnataka hat das Arabische Meer im Westen. 
Das Acharya Institute of Technology ist mit der Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgien verbunden. Das Institut erhielt vom All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai den Status "Technical Campus". Das Institut bietet Tennis an, das vom Internationalen Tennisverband regiert wird. 
Bukarest ist die Hauptstadt Rumäniens, wo eine der ethnischen Gruppen des Landes die Deutschen von Rumänien sind. Der Landesvorsitzende ist Ministerpräsident @ Klaus Iohannis. Der Schutzpatron des Landes ist Andrew der Apostel und das Land ist der Standort der 1 Decembrie 1918 Universität. 
Die School of Business and Social Sciences an der Universität Aarhus befindet sich in Aarhus, Dänemark wurde 1928 gegründet. Seine akademische Mitarbeiterzahl 737 und es ist dem Europäischen Hochschulverband angeschlossen. Dänemarks Regierungschef ist Lars Lokke Rasmussen. 
Die School of Business and Social Sciences an der Aarhus Universität in Aarhus, Dänemark wurde 1928 gegründet. Es hat 737 akademische Mitarbeiter und 16.000 Studenten. Sie ist dem Europäischen Hochschulverband angeschlossen. 
Alan Bean wurde am 15. März 1932 in Wheeler, Texas geboren und ist Amerikaner. Er arbeitete als Testpilot und war Mitglied von Apollo 12, das von der NASA geführt wurde. Bohne ist im Ruhestand. 
Alan Bean wurde in Wheeler, Texas geboren und besuchte UT Austin, wo er 1955 mit einem BS abschloss. Vor seiner Pensionierung diente er als Testpilot und wurde von der NASA ausgewählt, um als Besatzungsmitglied auf Apollo 12 neben dem Kommandeur David Scott zu dienen. 
Alan Shepard wurde am 18. November 1923 in New Hampshire, USA geboren. Er absolvierte das NWC im Jahr 1957 mit einem M.A. 1959 begann er für die NASA zu arbeiten und war Mitglied von Apollo 14. Er starb in Kalifornien. 
Alan Shepard wurde am 18. November 1923 in New Hampshire, USA geboren. Er absolvierte das NWC im Jahr 1957 mit einem M.A. Er arbeitete als Testpilot, bevor er in Kalifornien vorbeikam. 
Alan Shepard wurde am 18. November 1923 geboren. Murio in Kalifornien. Er war ein Test-Pilot belohnt mit der Medal of Service Distinguished from The Sea-coast of The United States, Medal of the United States Navy is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. 
Der pensionierte amerikanische Kampfpilot Buzz Aldrin, auch bekannt als Edwin E. Aldrin Jr., wurde in Glen Ridge, New Jersey geboren. Er absolvierte sein Studium am Massachusetts Institute of Technology im Jahr 1963 mit einem Doktortitel in Science und war Besatzungsmitglied auf Apollo 11. 
Buzz Aldrin wurde in Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey geboren. Er ist ein US-amerikanischer Staatsbürger, der ein Besatzungsmitglied des NASA-operierten Apollo-11-Programms war. William Anders war ein Backup-Pilot auf der Apollo-11-Mission. Der US-Chef war Joe Biden. 
Buzz Aldrin wurde am Jan 20, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey geboren. Er absolvierte das MIT mit einem Sc. D im Jahr 1963. Er begann 1963 für die NASA zu arbeiten, war ein Mitglied von Apollo 11, das von der NASA betrieben wurde. Er ist jetzt im Ruhestand. 
Buzz Aldrin wurde 1963 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey geboren und promovierte 1963 am Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Er war Mitglied der Apollo-11-Crew, nachdem er von der NASA 1963 mit William Anders als Backup-Pilot auf Apollo 11 ausgewählt worden war. 
Elliot See wurde am 23. Juli 1927 in Dallas geboren. Er absolvierte sein Studium an der U of Texas in Austin, die Teil des U of Texas Systems ist. Er arbeitete als Testpilot, bevor er in St. Louis starb. 
Elliot See wurde am 23. Juli 1927 in Dallas geboren, bevor er die University of Texas in Austin besuchte. Elliot war Testpilot, bevor er 1966 in St. Louis vorbeifuhr. 
William Anders (geboren am 17. Oktober 1933 im britischen Hongkong) studierte an der AFIT, M.S. 1962. Er war ein US-National und diente als Fighter-Pilot, bevor er am 1. September 1969 in den Ruhestand ging. 
Die Gemeinde Gettysburg befindet sich in Adams County, Pennsylvania, im Süden von Cumberland County und im Nordwesten von Carroll County, Maryland. It is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument which was established in 2000 and categorized as a beisteuern property within the United States. 
Ankara ist die Hauptstadt der Türkei, wo die Währung die türkische Lira ist und der Regierungschef Ahmet Davutoglu ist. Izmir befindet sich im Land und ist der Ort des bronzenen Atatürk-Denkmals, das am 27. Juli 1932 in Izmir eingeweiht wurde und von Pietro Canonica entworfen wurde. 
Die Nationalversammlung ist die offizielle Legislative von Aserbaidschan, die von einem Premierminister geleitet wird. Die Hauptstadt ist Baku, der Ort der Gedenkstätte, die in rotem Granit und weißem Marmor von Huseyin Butuner und Hilmi Guner entworfen wurde. Die Gedenkstätte ist den osmanischen Armee-Soldaten gewidmet, die in der Schlacht von Baku getötet wurden. 
Der Campus Acharya Institute of Technology befindet sich in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sardampfalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore, Karnataka, Indien - 560090. Das Institut (Präsident B M Reddy) wurde im Jahr 2000 gegründet und ist mit der Visvesvaraya Technological University verbunden. 
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sardampfalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090 ist der Standort des Acharya Institute of Technology in Indien, das mit der Visvesvaraya Technological University verbunden ist. Das Motto des Instituts, das im Jahr 2000 gegründet wurde, ist "Nurturing Excellence" und es gibt 700 postgraduierte Studenten. 
Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, Indien wurde im Jahr 2000 gegründet und ist mit der Visvesvaraya Technological University verbunden. Der Schulpräsident ist B. M. Reddy und sein Direktor ist Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar. Die vollständige Adresse der Schule ist In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sardampfalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090. 
Acharya Institute of Technology (Präsident B M Reddy) befindet sich in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sardampfalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore, Indien - 560090. Das Institut wurde im Jahr 2000 gegründet, hat 700 postgraduierte Studenten und ist mit der Visvesvaraya Technological University of Belgaum verbunden. 
AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, Indien ist im Bundesstaat Kerala, der Mahe zu seinem Nordwesten hat. Die Schule hat 250 Mitarbeiter. Indien ist die Heimat des Ganges und seine größte Stadt ist Mumbai. 
1 Decembrie 1918 Universität befindet sich in der Stadt Alba Iulia, Rumänien. Die Hauptstadt des Landes ist Bukarest und der Führer (Titel Premierminister von Rumänien) ist Klaus Iohannis. Eine ethnische Gruppe des Landes ist Die Deutschen von Rumänien und die Nationalhymne des Landes ist Deșteaptă-te, Române! 
Im Jahr 2000 wurde das Acharya Institute of Technology im Bundesstaat Karnataka, Indien, gegründet. Der aktuelle Standort ist "In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sardampfalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090". Der Direktor ist Dr. G P Prabhukumar und ist mit der Visvesvaraya Technological University in der Stadt Belgaum verbunden. 
Лидер "Орхуса" - Джейкоб Бундсгаард.
Длина взлетно-посадочной полосы аэропорта "Орхус" составляет 2702,0.
Adirondack Russian Airport находится на высоте 507 м над уровнем моря.
Региональный аэропорт Adirondack расположен в Harrietstown, New York.
Аэропорт "Адольфо Суарес Мадрид-Барайас" найден в Сан-Себастьяне де лос Рейес.
«Адольфо Суарес Мадрид-Барайас» - 14L / 32R.
14R / 32L - название взлетно-посадочной полосы для аэропорта "Адольфо Суарес Мадрид-Барайас".
Эксплуатирующая организация "Афонсу Пена интернэшнл" - Infraero.
Agra Airport находится в Агре.
Авиабаза "Аль-Такаддум" составляет 84 метра над уровнем моря.
Аэропорт "Алдерни" обслуживает Alderney.
18R / 36L - название взлетно-посадочной полосы в международном аэропорту Аллама Икбал.
Протяженность взлетно-посадочной полосы регионального аэропорта "Альпена" составляет 1 533 человека.
Alpena Country International Airport Airport - 1 / 19 /.
Отель Amsterdam Airport Schiphol обслуживает город Амстердам.
Andrews County, "Техас" - загородное место для Андрея, Техас.
В городе Эндрюс (Andrews Country Airport) подают Андрею, Техас.
Andrews Country Airport Airport - 11 / 29.
Название взлетно-посадочной полосы в аэропорту Эндрюс - "Helipad".
«Международный аэропорт Анголы» является Луандой.
Аэропорт "Ардмор", Новая Зеландия - в Окленде.
Мэр Афин - Giorgos Kaminis.
Международный аэропорт Афин находится в Спате.
Бельгийский язык - это немецкий язык.
Филипп из Бельгии - лидер Бельгии.
Столица Дании - Копенгаген.
Лидером Дании является Ларс Лёкке Расмуссен.
Фламандский регион возглавляет фламандское правительство.
Греческий - это язык, на котором говорят в Греции.
Лидером Греции является Никос Воверсис.
Harrietstown, New York - часть США.
Лидером Пакистана является Анвар Захир Джамали.
Paracuellos de Jarama - часть общины Мадрида.
Портовое управление Нью-Йорка и Нью-Джерси - 4-й Всемирный торговый центр.
Сан-Себастьян де лос Рейес находится в Испании.
Озеро Саранак, Нью-Йорк является частью Соединенных Штатов.
Начальником управления транспорта Южного Джерси является Стивен Дилтс.
Аарон Бертрамвай начал выступать в 1998 году.
Аарон Деер сотрудничает с The Horns of Happiness.
Аарон Тернер падает в жанре авангардной металлической музыки.
Аарон Тернер исполняет черную металлическую музыку.
Аарон Тернер родом из Бостона.
"Абрадаб" ассоциируется с Магиком (насильником).
У "Абрадаб" есть фон как сольный певец.
ACE Wilder родился 23 июля 1982 года.
ACE Wilder подписан на рекордный знак EMI Records.
Агустин Барбоса подписан на Philips Records.
Alan Frew играет с Glass Tiger.
Альбенни Джонс родился в Эррате Миссисипи.
"Александра Ковак" ассоциируется с Корнелием Коваком.
Александров Ковак - сольный певец.
Жанр "Александры Ковач" - это душа-музыка.
Альфред Гарт Джонс скончался в Лондоне.
Альфредо Зитарроса музыкально ассоциируется с Хиларио Пересом.
Музыкальный жанр "Альфредо Зитарроса" - "Милонга".
Movieplay является рекордсменом "Альфредо Зитарроса".
Алисон О 'Доннелл начал выступать в 1963 году.
Аллен Форрест играет поп-музыку.
Андерс Осборн был подписан на рекордный знак "Alligator Records".
Андерс Осборн подписан в Shanachie Records.
Андрей Райель ассоциируется с музыкантом Джвайданом Мойиным.
Место рождения Андрея Райхеля - Кишинев, Молдова.
Жанр музыканта Андрея Белого - альтернативный рок.
Асунсьон является частью города Гран Асунсьон.
Deram Records базируется в Лондоне.
Afrobeat - это сплав грибной музыки.
Хип-хоп-музыка имеет поджанр Gangsta rap.
Джаз стал своим стилем из музыки "Blues".
Records Recordings - распределительная компания RCA Records.
Музыкальный жанр группы Twilight - черный металл.
Людей из Соединенного Королевства называют британским народом.
Военно-морской флот США наградил "Единую службу" медалью Alan Shepard.
Алан Шепард умер в Калифорнии.
Уильям Андерс был резервным пилотом на "Аполло-11".
"Аполлон-14" эксплуатировался НАСА.
Оператором Apollo 8 является NASA.
Гражданство "Буз-Альдрин" - Соединенные Штаты.
Elliot See был тестовым пилотом.
Университет texas at Austin аффилирован с университетом текстовой системы.
Университет Техаса у талисмана "Остин" называется Hook 'em.
Председателем "Милана" является Сильвио Берлускони.
Место рождения Аарона Богаарда - Канада.
Абель Эрнандес - в сборной Уругвая по олимпийскому футболу.
Клуб Абеля Эрнандеса - сборная Уругвая по футболу.
Футболист, Абнер принадлежит клубу, C.D. ФАС.
Адам Махер родился в Аит Икку, Марокко.
Место рождения Адама Махера - Diemen.
Адам Маккей родился в Шарлоттегороде.
Место рождения Ахмада Кадхима Асада - Ирак.
Ахмад Кадхим Асад играл за клуб PAS Тегеран F.C.
Akeem Ayers играет в качестве линейки.
Akeem Priestley играет за FK Mughan.
Akeem Priestley играл за молодежную команду Jacksonville Dolphins.
Спортивный клуб "Аль-Хор" находится в Катаре "Звезда".
Алаа Абдул-Захра родился в Багдаде.
Алан Мартин сыграл в футбол за Accrington Stanley F.C.
Футболист, Алан Мартин, играет за клуб, Crewe Alexandra F.C.
Александр Барков-младший родился в Финляндии.
Александр Барков-младший играл за "Флориду Пантерз".
Александр Барков-младший играл в Национальной хоккейной лиге.
Александре Гурули играет за ФК "Самтредия".
Алекс Планте родился в Манитобе.
"Алекс Планте" - 1.9304m высотой.
Лидер "Брандона", Манитоба - Дрю Калужас.
Будапешт - город в Венгрии.
"Инуктитут" - это язык, на котором говорят в Канаде.
"Columbus Blue Jackets" - Columbus, Огайо.
Площадка ФК "Терек Грозный" базируется в Грозном.
Лига ФК "Том Томск" играет в "Российской футбольной национальной лиге".
Валерий Петраков - менеджер ФК "Торпедо Москва".
Генеральный менеджер компании "Флорида Пантерз" - Дейл Таллон.
Тренер "Маккаши Тель-Авива" - Zan Tabak.
"Олимпик Лайоннаис" играет свои домашние игры в Парке Олимпик Лайоннаис.
Менеджером "Пеньарол" является Хорхе Оросман да Силва.
Пункт Фортин находится в Тринидаде.
103 Colmore Row был спроектирован архитектором Джоном Мадином.
103 Colmore Row находится на Colmore Row.
11 "Диагональная улица" была завершена в 1983 году.
200-я Общественная площадь была завершена в 1985 году.
В январе 2009 года было начато строительство здания на 20-й улице Фенцера.
20 "Фенцерковная улица" находится в Соединенном Королевстве.
Есть 60 этажей на 300 North LaSalle.
Hok SVE был архитектором "3Arena".
"3Арена" расположена на мосту "Восточное соединение".
Строительство "Ареша Манор" началось в 1700 году.
Ареша Манор находится в Республике Ирландия.
Музей искусств "Акита" был открыт 28 сентября 2013 года.
Школа бизнеса "Мейсон" - нынешние арендаторы Alan B Miller Hall.
Архитектор B V Doshi спроектировал Amdavad Ni Gufa.
Больница "Ампара" расположена в Шри-Ланке.
ASHER и Mary Isabelle Richardson House были добавлены в Национальный реестр исторических мест на "1988-11-22".
Asser Levy Public Baths была построена в 1904 году.
"Бирмингем" имеет посткодовое пространство 'B'.
"Чикаго" входит в состав DuPage County в штате Иллинойс.
Дублин находится в Республике Ирландия.
Дублин является частью Leinster.
Sumitra Mahajan - индийский лидер.
Одна из этнических групп в Японии у бразильцев.
Лидером Японии является Tarpress Aspress.
Билл Marriott - ключевой человек в Marriott International.
Официальным языком Ирландии является английский.
Кейптаун - столица Южной Африки.
Столица Соединенного Королевства - Лондон.
Коренные американцы - этническая группа в США.
Павел Райан - лидер США.
(29075) 1950 DA был обнаружен Карлом А Виртаненом.
(410777) 2009 FD имеет апофеоз 259776702.47055 километров.
66063 1998 RO1 имеет эпоху 4 ноября 2013 года.
(66391) 1999 KW4 имеет периметр 29919600000,0.
101 Елена имеет массу 3,0 кгс.
101. У Елены есть орбитальный период 1516,6700000000003 дней.
1036 Ganymed имеет среднюю скорость 16,86 км в секунду.
1036 Ganymed имеет температуру 160,0 келвинов.
107 Camilla была обнаружена F. Vilas.
107 Camilla была обнаружена Н.Р. Погсоном.
1089 "Тама" имеет скорость эвакуации 0,0068 километров в секунду.
Период вращения 1097 Vicia - 95040,0.
1099 Figneria имеет скорость эвакуации 0,0155 километров в секунду.
1099 Figneria имеет массу 2,7 килограмма.
109 Felicitas имеет периапсис 283326000000,0.
109 Felicitas имеет температуру 170 келвинов.
10 "гигиена" имеет орбитальный период 5,57 дня.
Periapsis of 1101 clematis - 445895000000,0.
110 Lydia имеет эпохальную дату 31 декабря 2006 года.
110 "Лидия" имеет измерительное измерение 377016000000,0.
Н.Р. Погсон был английским.
Земельный кодекс "Абилена", в Техасе, - 325.
Abilene - часть Техаса.
У "Альбани" есть мэр как лидер.
Альбина, Орегон имеет общую площадь в 45,97 квадратных километра.
Альбина, Орегон - в США
Альбукерке, Нью-Мексико возглавляет Государственный сенат.
Руководство "Альбукерки" играет ведущую роль в Альбукерке, штат Нью-Мексико.
"Амарльо" находится в Техасе, в США.
"Амарльо" является частью округа Поттер в Техасе.
"Амарльо" находится в Техасе, в США.
"Анахайм", в Калифорнии, имеет код области 657.
Андерсон, Индиана - часть Adams Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland, Union.
Ангола находится в Плехановском городке, входящем в округ Стеубен, штат Индиана.
Городской администратор возглавляет Энн Арбор, штат Мичиган.
Мэр - это звание лидера в Энн-Арборе, штат Мичиган.
В городе Энн-Арбор, штат Мичиган, проживает 1580,7 человека на квадратный километр.
"Антиоч", CA - 13 выше уровня моря.
Лидер "Антиохии", штат Калифорния, является 11-м окружным округом штата Калифорния.
Arlington Texas имеет высоту 184 над уровнем моря.
Atlantic County, New Jersey находится в США.
"Аттика" - часть фонда "Фонтан".
Auburn - часть Alabama.
Калифорния находится в США.
"Атланта" - крупнейший город города Фултон, штат Джорджия.
Государство Грузия находится в США
Индианаполис - столица Индианы.
Lee County находится в Алабаме.
Трентон - столица штата Нью-Джерси.
Potter County находится в Техасе.
Округ Таррант, штат Техас, находится в Соединенных Штатах.
Энн Арбор - крупнейший город в округе Вашингтон, штат Мичиган.
"Астерикс" был создан Рене Госчиным.
Комический персонаж Auron был создан Марком Вольфманом.
Комический персонаж, "Балдер", был создан Джеком Кирби.
"Бананаман" транслирует "Известия".
Bananaman впервые вышел в эфир 3 октября 1983 года.
Билл Oddie stars in Bananaman.
"Баймакс" - персонаж в Big Hero 6.
Билл Эверетт выиграл премию "Эйснер".
Дочь Билла Одди - Кейт Харди.
Дан Мишкин - один из создателей комического персонажа, Болт.
Bozo the Iron Man 's полного имени - Хью Хаззард.
John Buscema завоевала премию комиксов, премию "Орье".
Марв Вольфман является получателем премии Eagle.
Альтернативное название Ajoblanco - "Ajo blanco".
Основные ингредиенты в ajoblanco - хлеб, миндаль, чеснок, вода и оливковое масло.
Arem-arem найден по всей стране в Индонезии, но более специфичен для Java.
Arem arem родом из Индонезии.
Соус "Арраббиата" выполнен с помидорами, красным чили, чесноком и оливковым маслом.
"Вырезка" - это ингредиент в Arros Negre.
Кальян - это ингредиент Arros Negre.
ASAM PEDAS - это еда, найденная в Малайзии.
Род авокадо - "Перси".
"Айам пеньет" надо подавать горячим.
Запеченная Аляска - десерт.
Ингредиенты хлебобулочного брезента - бешеные.
Блюдо Баксо содержит лапшу.
Vermicelli - это ингредиент в Баксо.
Chorizo - это ингредиент в блюде Bandeja paisa.
Mondelez International - создатель Barny cakes.
Barny Cakes может быть шоколадным ароматом.
"Барные пирожки" содержат 1,8 г белка.
"Батчой" едят на Филиппинах.
Курица - это ингредиент в "Батчой".
В приготовлении "Батчоя" используются овощные.
Binignit - это блюдо из региона Висайас.
Патрик McLoughlin - лидер "Derbyshire Dales".
Вариатор на десерт - торт.
Мороженое - это тип десерта.
Юсуф Калла - лидер в Индонезии.
Итальянцы - из Италии.
Бадуй - этническая группа Java.
Лимон находится под заказом Rosids.
В Мексике обитают мексиканцы.
В Мексике разговорный язык - испанский.
Одним из языков, используемых на Филиппинах, является арабский.
Шумай - вариатор блюда Siomay.
Dodge Coronet - альтернативное название для Dodge 1955 года.
Двигатель Dodge 1955 года - 230 кубических дюймов.
Местоположение AIDA Cruises - "Росток".
Служба «СПИД» была начата 22 марта 2009 года.
«СПИД» представляет собой круизный корабль класса "Сфинкс".
"СПИД" был построен компанией Meyer Werft.
"СПИД" был крещен 16 марта 2013 года.
Корабль "СПИД" был введен в эксплуатацию 17 марта 2013 года.
У ALCO RS-3 есть четырехтактный двигатель.
ALV X-1 был изготовлен компанией Alliant Techsystems.
AMC Matador связан с послом AMC.
Последний год производства Abarth 1000 GT Coupé составил 1958 год.
Размер двигателя Acura TLx составляет 3,5 литра.
У Acura TLx есть двигатель Honda K.
Трансмиссия Acura TLx - 9-ступенчатый автомат ZF 9HP (V6).
Alfa Romeo 164 - автомобиль исполнительного класса.
Alfa Romeo 164 и Fiat Croma - аналогичные средства транспорта.
"Alhambra" имела свой майский рейс 7 июля 1855 года.
Луч корабля "Алхамбра" - 88,00.
У "Альгамбра" была максимальная скорость 18,52 км / ч.
Последний полет ракеты "Антарес" состоялся 28 октября 2014 года.
"Ariane 5" провела свое первое путешествие 11 августа 2005 года.
Ariane 5 был изготовлен Airbus Defense and Space.
Atlas II возник из США
«Атлас II» совершила свой последний полет 16 марта 1998 года.
Audi e-tron - подразделение Audi.
Audi A1 собрал Audi Brussels.
Компания Caterpillar Inc основана в Калифорнии.
Ключевым человеком Caterpillar Inc. является Дуглас Р. Оберхольман.
Caterpillar Inc. находится в Пеории, штат Иллинойс.
"Дельта-II" была запущена на мысе Канаверал ВВС.
Одним из языков в Финляндии является саамский язык.
Лидер Германии - Станислав Тиллич.
Гвианский космический центр имеет свою штаб-квартиру в Куру во Французской Гвиане.
Acura - подразделение Honda Co.
Lancia Thema связана с Alfa Romeo 164.
Meyer Werft находится в Германии.
Местоположение Meyer Werft - Папенбург.
Памятник Ататюрку в Измире был спроектирован Pietro Canonica.
Памятка "Ататюрк" в Измире выполнена из бронзы.
Имя лидера Азербайджана - Артур Расизаде.
"Мемориал Баку" "Мемориал" расположен в Азербайджане.
Материалы, используемые для "Мемориала Баку", - это красный гранитный и белый мрамор.
Аарон S Daggett получил "Purple Heart".
Битва на шахте "Mine Run" одна боролась с Аароном S Daggett.
Абдул Рахман Якуб находился в должности, а Туанку Буджанг Туанку Отман был вице-президентом.
Abdul Taib Mahman 's Alma mater - Университет Аделаиды.
Абдул Тайб Махмуд - из Kota Samarahan.
Абдул Тайб Махмуд наследником был Аденан Сатем.
Преемником Абдула Тайба Махмуда стал Сулейман Абдул Рахман Тайб.
Абдулсалами Абубакар служил в нигерийской армии.
Абель Кабальеро находился в должности во время правления монарха Хуана Карлоса I из Испании.
Abner W. Sibal воевал во Второй мировой войне.
Преемником Авраама А. Рибикофф является Энтони Дж.
"Адам Коц" был награжден Кросс Валур (Польша).
В Нью-Йорке скончался Адам Коц.
Alma mater of Adenan Satem - Университет Аделаиды.
Адонис Георгиадис работал заместителем министра по вопросам развития, конкурентоспособности и судоходства.
Агнес Кант работал в палате представителей в Нидерландах.
Агнес Кант живет в Нидерландах.
"Айри Неаве" наградили Территориальным декабрем.
Knightsbridge, Лондон - место рождения Айри Неаве.
Airey Neave начал свою военную карьеру в 1935 году.
Национальность Альберто Тейшера - аргентинец.
Альфред Мур Скалес принял участие в битве канцлера.
Альфред Мур Scales воевал в кампании "Overland".
"Аллан Шиверс" воевал в боях во Второй мировой войне.
Allan Shivers служил в армии Соединенных Штатов.
"Алва Сабин" завершил карьеру на 1857-03-03.
"Альва Сабин" была членом партии "Уайт".
Константинос Митзотакис был преемником Антониса Самараса.
Лидером Аргентины является Габриэла Михетти.
В Австрии язык - австрийский немец.
Битва за "Фредериксбург" воевала во время американской Гражданской войны.
Место смерти Эдмунда Ж. Дэвиса - Остин Техас.
Венский университет - "Алма матер" Йозефа Клауса.
Хуан Перон был членом Лейбористской партии в Аргентине.
"Оладипо Дия" был предшественником Майка Акхигбе.
Садик Абубакар является командиром нигерийских ВВС.
"Рома" - этническая группа в Польше.
В Польше говорят на языке "Kashubian".
Питер Стогер - менеджер ФК "Колин".
1 ФК "Магдебург" сыграл в сезоне 2014 года.
"C Лумеззане" сыграл в сезоне 2014-2015 годов в "Леге Про".
Полное название A.D. Isidro Metapan "Association Deportiva".
"A.e Dimitra Efxeinoupolis" - a.e Dimitra Efxeinoupolis.
A.e Димитра Эфксеноуполис играл в сезоне 2014 года.
A.e Dimitra Efxeinoupolis были в 2014-м A EPSTH.
A.F.C. Blackpool насчитывает 1500 членов.
"Фильде" - домашняя площадка AFC Fylde.
Площадка А.С. Губбио 1910 года находится в Италии.
A.s. Livorno Calcio насчитывает 19238 членов.
A.s. "Рома" была в Серии А в 2014-м.
Фрэнк де Боер управляет командой AFC Ajax.
AFC Ajax (любители) имеет прозвище "Joden, Godenzonen".
AFC Ajax насчитывает 5000 членов.
"АЗАЛ ПФК" находится в Шувалане, Баку, Азербайджан.
"Аз Алкмар" насчитывает 17023 члена.
"Agrimiacao Sportiva Araprivinesse" управляет компанией "Вивица".
В 2015 году Campeonato Brasileiro Série C.
Площадка «Акрон» на высшем уровне -- Сент-Винсент и Сент-Мэри.
Встреча на высшем уровне "Акрон" насчитывает 3000 членов.
Amsterdam-Centrum - часть Амстердама.
Лидером Греции является Никос Воверсис.
GUS Poyet - в AEK Athens F.C.
Jens Hartel играет за SV Germania Schoneiche.
Джон ван ден Бром играет в клубе АЗ "Алкмар".
Клуб "Хорхе Хумберто Родригес" - A.D. Isidro Metapan.
Массимо Драго прикреплен к клубу Delfino Pescara 1936 года.
Массимо Драго играет за S.S.Chieti Calcio.
Стадион "Олимпийский" (Афины) расположен на Маруши.
"K-W United FC" стали чемпионами премьер-лиги "Развитие".
Стюарт Паркер играл в футбол за Bury FC.
Численность академического персонала Accademia di Archittura di Mendrisio - 100.
Речь идет о кампусе Технологического института "Ачарья": Солденванахалли, Ачарья д-р Сарвапалли Радхакришнан Дорога, Hessarghatta Main Road, Бангалор - 560090.
"Альба Юлия" расположена в Румынии.
Альба Юлия ос часть округа Альба.
Покровителем святой Румынии является Андрей апостол.
Научный сотрудник Школы деловых и социальных наук в Орхусском университете № 737.
Школа бизнеса и социальных наук Орхусского университета находится в Дании.
Эрик Флинт - автор 1634 года: Баварский кризис.
1634: Баварский кризис - сиквел The Grantville Gazettes.
1634: "Ram Restruction" последовала к 1635 году: "Закон Каннона".
AIP Advances имеет EISSNномер 2158.
Fortress of Grey Ice - книжная книга "хардкор".
ISBN номер A Long Long Way - 0-670-03380-4.
Книга, A Loyal Charter Dancer, имеет ISBN номер 1-56947-301-3.
Мадлен L 'Engle написала "А" Северед Васп ".
Мастер Mars опубликован на английском языке.
Abhandlungen aus dem matherschen Hamburg der Universität Hamburg имеет LCCN номер 32024459.
Над "Велом" доступен в твердости.
"Акта математика" также известна как Acta Math. Hungar.
Программа "Акта математика" охватывает академическую дисциплину математика.
Acta Palaenologica Polonica имеет код CODEN APGPAC.
OCLC номер Addiction (journal) - 27367194.
Wiley-Blackwell - издатель журнала Addiction.
Номер LCCN Executive Science Quarter - 57059226.
OCLC номер 45644811 - Aenir.
Alcatraz Versus The Evil Librarian OCLC номер 78771100.
Книга Alcatraz Versus the Evil Libraries последовала за книгой Alcatraz Versus the scrivener 's Bones.
Коэффициент влияния американского журнала "Математика" - 1.337.
Вслед за "Аениром" последовал роман "За рулем".
Cornwell University - по прозвищу Корнелл Большой Красный.
Вирус ВИЧ - от рода "Лентивирус".
"Вольф Солент" - примечательная работа Джона Коупера Пойса.
Елизавета II - лидер в Великобритании.
Джо Байден - лидер Соединенных Штатов.
John Cowper Powys - автор Wolf Solent.
Abilene находится в Техасе и обслуживается региональным аэропортом "Абилен".
Аэропорт "Адольфо Суарес Мадрид-Барайас" находится в Алькобендасе и имеет длину взлетно-посадочной полосы в 3500 человек.
Аэропорт "Адольфо Суарес Мадрид-Барайас", расположенный в Сан-Себастьяне де лос-Рейе, имеет длину взлетно-посадочной полосы в 3500 человек.
Agra Airport находится в Индии, где одним из ее лидеров является Т.С. Тхакур.
Al Asad Airbase - 618 футов над уровнем моря и находится в провинции Аль-Анбар, Ирак.
Авиабаза «Аль-Асад» эксплуатируется военно-воздушными силами Соединенных Штатов, воевавшими в ходе операции «За свободу».
Вторжение Соединенных Штатов в Панаму было сражением с участием ВВС Соединенных Штатов, которые эксплуатируют авиабазу "Аль-Асад".
Аэропорт "Адольфо Суарес Мадрид-Барайас" расположен в городе Алькобендас, входящем в состав Сообщества Мадрида.
Poaceae - это поверхность 1-й взлетно-посадочной полосы в аэропорту Alderney, которая имеет взлетно-посадочную полосу длиной 877,0 метра.
Международный аэропорт «Аллама Икбал» осуществляется Управлением гражданской авиации Пакистана, штаб-квартира которого находится в международном аэропорту Джинны.
Отель Alpena Country Airport расположен в городе Уилсон, штат Альпена, штат Мичиган, Соединенные Штаты.
Группа "Schiphol" - операторы аэропорта Амстердама Schiphol, который составляет -3.3528 выше уровня моря.
Andrews County Airport находится на высоте 973 метра над уровнем моря, а 4-я взлетно-посадочная полоса выполнена из Asphalt.
Andrews County Airport находится в штате Техас, столицей которого является Остин.
Международный аэропорт Анголы обслуживает город Луанду, он составляет 159м над уровнем моря.
Международный аэропорт Анголы расположен в городе Иколо-е-Бенго, Ангола.
Международный аэропорт Антверпена, находящийся в ведении Фламандского отдела мобильности и общественных работ, находится на расстоянии 12 метров над уровнем моря.
Appleton, Grand chute, Висконсин - город, который обслуживает международный аэропорт Appleton.
Вторая взлетно-посадочная полоса аэропорта «Ardmore» в Новой Зеландии имеет поверхностный тип Poaceae, который является частью заказа "Poales".
Ardmore Airport ("Новая Зеландия") 3-й взлетно-посадочной полосы типа "Poaceae" класса Monocotyledon.
Протяженность взлетно-посадочной полосы в международном аэропорту Ашхабада, расположенном в Ашхабаде, составляет 3800,0.
Международный аэропорт Афин находится в Спате и обслуживает город Афины.
Международный аэропорт Афин обслуживает город Афины и имеет длину взлетно-посадочной полосы 3800,0.
"Сан-Себастьян де лос Рейес" входит в состав Сообщества Мадрида и является также местом нахождения Адольфо Суареса Мадрида-Барайаса.
Аарон Бертрамвай играет за группу "Suburban Legends" и "Kids Imagine Nation".
Аарон Бертрамвай играет за группу Suburban Legends и их жанр - "Ска".
Гитарист Аарон Дейр играет психоделию.
Аарон Тернер - художник для группы Isis и музыкант в группе Lotus Eaters.
Абрадаб родился в Катовице, Польша.
ACE Wilder - это экспонат музыки хип-хоп, стиль, который возник из диско.
"Аль Андерсон" - исполнитель рок-музыки, которая имеет свое происхождение в стране музыки.
Alan Frew играет рок-музыку, которая возникла из загородной музыки.
Джазовая музыка возникла из блюзовой музыки. Альбенни Джонс - джазовый исполнитель.
Albennie Jones исполняет ритм и блюзовую музыку, жанр, который возник из блюзовой музыки.
"Александра Ковак" ставил в 1990 году, и она исполняет душу музыку.
Музыкальный жанр "Alex Day" - synthpop, который является производным диско-музыкой.
Alex Day играет synthpop, который возник из новой волновой музыки.
Альфредо Зитарроса умер в Монтевидео, где лидирует Даниил Мартинес.
Жанр "Альфредо Зитарроса" - "Замка", который считается художественной формой, и он начал выходить в качестве сольного певца.
Alison O 'Donnell ассоциируется с Plastik Mak и группой Head South By Weating.
Алисон О 'Доннелл - джазовый художник, который играет на автостраде.
"Аллен Форрест" имеет фон как сольный певец и был поп-художником.
Эндрю Уайт играет альтернативный рок, из которого "nu metal" является жанровым жанром.
Андерс Осборн ассоциируется с музыкантами Билли Иусо и Терезой Андерссоном.
"Ритм и блюз" художник Андерс Осборн подписан с Rabadash Records.
"Андра" начала карьеру Pop-музыки в 2000 году.
Андра начала свою карьеру как сольная певица, и она поет поп-музыку.
Диско можно считать жанром синтеза, так как он содержит элементы других жанров, таких как поп-музыка, которую исполняет Андра (певица).
Andrew Rayel ассоциируется как с музыкальным художником Джонатаном Менделем, так и с Марком Шестаком.
Музыканты Андрей Райель, связанный с Кристианом Бернсом, и Марк Симс - соратники.
Эндрю Уайт, жанр которого - альтернативный рок, ассоциируется с музыкальным художником Марри Банилоу.
Альфредо Зитарроса родился в Табаре Васкес под руководством Уругвая.
Член экипажа "Аполлон" Алан Шепард вышел в отставку с первого августа 1974 года.
Buzz Aldrin - гражданин США, потому что он родился в городе Глен-Ридж, штат Нью-Джерси.
Пенсионерка Buzz Aldrin - бывший пилот истребителя.
Программа "Аполлон-11" была организована НАСА и включала Buzz Aldrin в качестве одного из членов экипажа.
Buzz Aldrin выступал в качестве пилота истребителя и был членом экипажа на "Аполло-11".
Аарон Хант играет за Vfl Wolfsburg и привык играть за SV Werder Bremen II.
Абель Эрнандес играет за клуб Citta de "Палермо", а также играл за "Пенарол".
Клуб "Адам Махер" - ПСВ Эйндховен и он играл за сборную Нидерландов по футболу.
Ахмад Кадхим Асад в клубе "Аль-Нафт", играет за Steel Azin F.C.
Akeem Adams играл за Ferencvarosi TC, где руководитель - Томас Долль.
Akeem Dent родился 27 сентября 1987 года.
Akeem Dent родилась в Атланте, Грузия, в 1987 году.
Akeem Dent стартовал с Atlanta Falcons, которой владеет Артур Бланк.
Патрик Аллен - политический лидер на Ямайке, который является местом рождения Akeem Priestley.
Клубы "Алаа Абдул-Захра" - клуб "Шабаб аль-Ордон" и СК "Аль-Заура".
Алан Мартин играет за "Барроу АФК" и "Гамильтон академический".
Александр Чумаков сыграл за клуб ФК "Торпедо Москва", которым руководит Валерий Петраков.
Россию возглавляет Сергей Нарышкин и там, где умер Александр Чумаков.
Александр Чумаков умер в России, который возглавляет Владимир Путин.
Александр Прудинов играет за ФК "Томь Томск", который играет в Российской национальной футбольной лиге.
В число бывших клубов "Александре Гурули" входят ФК "Карпаты Львов" и AS Lion-Duchère.
Александр Гурули играл за ФК "Карпаты Львов" и ФК "Динамо" Батуми.
Алессио Ромагноли - защитник футбольного клуба "А.С. Милан".
По мере того, как "Рома" играет в Серии А и Алессио Ромагноли играл за свою молодежную команду.
Алекс Планте родился в 1989 году в Манитобе.
Алекс Тыус родился 8 января 1988 года и играет за клуб Pallacanestro Cantu.
Канада использует разговорный язык английского языка и является местом рождения Аарона Богаарда.
Адам Маккей родился в Канаде, где говорят на английском языке.
Абель Эрнандес играет за Hull City AFC, которым руководит Стив Брюс.
11 Diagonal Street находится в ЮАР. Одна южноафриканская группа - это «Цвет».
Есть 45 этажей на 200 Общественной площади в Кливленде.
20 "Фенцерковная улица" находится в Лондоне, который в настоящее время возглавляет Европарламент.
250 Delaware Avenue находится в США, лидером которого был Барак Обама.
В штате Иллинойс насчитывается 60 этажей на отметке 300 North LaSalle.
Hok SVE был архитектором "3Arena" на Северной стене, в Дублине.
3Arena at East Link Bridge принадлежит компании Live Nation Entertainment.
3Arena, принадлежащая Live Nation Entertainment, расположена в Беверли Хиллз, штат Калифорния.
Marriott International - арендатор AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenal и имеет 23 этажа.
Штаб-квартира в Аддис-Абебе составляет 42 м, и в нем находится правительство Аддис-Абебы.
Архитектурный стиль Admisham Hall - Tudor и Jacabian, а здание расположено в Хапутале, Шри-Ланка.
Adisham Hall находится в Шри-Ланке, где они говорят на тамильском языке.
Строительство Alan B Miller Hall, 101 Ukrop Way, началось 30 марта 2007 года.
Alan B Miller Hall принадлежит The College of William and Mary и расположен в Уильямсбурге, штат Вирджиния.
Robert A. M. Stern - архитектор Alan B. Miller Hall, где находится Школа бизнеса Мейсон.
Больница «Ампара» расположена в районе Ампара в Шри-Ланке.
Столица Шри-Ланки, где находится больница «Ампара», является столицей Шри-Ланки.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House находится на американском маршруте 83 и имеет справочный номер 88002539 в Национальном регистре исторических мест.
Asilomar Conference Grounds, Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, Калифорния имеет справочный номер в Национальном регистре исторических мест: 87000823.
Asilomar Conference Grounds at Pacific Grove, California была добавлена в Национальный регистр исторических мест 27 февраля 1987 года.
Asser Levy Public Baths находится на 23-й улице, на Манхэттене, и был построен в 1904 году.
Анандибен Пател был лидером "Гужурата", где находится Амдавад ни Гуфа.
(410777) 2009 FD имеет апофеоз 259776702.47055 километров и минимальная температура 211,0 келвинов.
(410777) 2009 FD, который был обнаружен компанией Spacewatch, имеет периапсис 88234300000,0.
(66063) 1998 RO1, с эпохой 2013-11-04, имеет скорость эвакуации 0,0999 км / с.
Период ротации (66391) 1999 KW4 - 9953.28, а его эпоха - 14 июля 2004 года.
У 101 Елены средняя скорость составляет 18,44 километра в секунду, а апофеоз - 441092000,0 километров.
Апогей измерения 1036 Ganymed - 611961000,0 (километров), и он путешествует со средней скоростью 16,86 километров в секунду.
Джеймс Крейг Уотсон, гражданин Канады, разобрался с 103 Hera.
Джеймс Крейг Уотсон, который родом из Канады, обнаружил 103 Hera.
"103 Hera" имеет измерительное измерение 371240000,0 км, а его эпоха - 31 июля 2016 года.
107 Camilla, обнаруженная Н.Р. Погсоном, имеет эпоху 31 декабря 2006 года.
Орбитальный период для 1097 Vicia - 135589000,0, а эпоха - 31 декабря 2006 года.
1099 Figneria, путешествует со средней скоростью 16,37 километра в секунду и имеет апофеоз 605718000 километров.
1099 Figneria имеет периапсис 349206000000,0 и эпох 31 декабря 2006 года.
Астероид 10 "гигиены", некогда названный A900 GA, имеет эпоху 27 июня 2015 года.
Эпоха 1101 clematis была на 31-м июля 2016 года, а ее периапсис - 445895000000,0.
110 «Лидия» имеет период ротации 39332,9, а его эпоха - 31 декабря 2006 года.
11264 Claudiomaccone имеет эпохальную дату 26 ноября 2005 года и периапсис 296521000,0 километров.
"Альбина", Грузия находится в Соединенных Штатах, где проживает ряд этнических групп, включая афроамериканцев.
"Портленд" - крупнейший город в Орегоне, в который также входит Альбина.
Александрия, Индиана (общая площадь 6,81 кв. км), имеет плотность населения 755,3 жителя на квадратный километр.
"Амарльо" может находиться в графстве Поттер, штат Техас, который находится в Соединенных Штатах Америки.
"Анахайм", штат Калифорния, находится на уровне 48,0 выше уровня моря и имеет общую площадь 131,6 квадратных километра.
"Андерсон" - часть города Андерсон, штат Мэдисон, штат Индиана в Соединенных Штатах.
Андерсон, штат Индиана, является частью города Fall Creek Township, Madison County Indiana, United States.
"Андерсон" входит в Union Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States.
Энн Арбор, штат Мичиган, имеет население 1580,7 на квадратный километр, а общая площадь - 74,33 кв. км.
Соединенные Штаты являются местом расположения Атланты и включают афроамериканцев среди своих этнических групп.
"Атланта" - часть Fulton County, Грузия, США.
"Аттика" расположена в штате Индиана в США
Washington DC - столица Соединенных Штатов, где находится Auburn, Alabama.
Auburn, Alabama находится в США, где одна из этнических групп - азиатские американцы.
Площадь Остина, штат Техас - 703,95 км2, а площадь суши - 686км2.
"Остин" является частью Travis County, штат Техас, США.
"Остин", штат Техас находится внутри страны США и возглавляет сити-менеджер.
Остин находится в Техасе, в стране США.
Аттика - часть Индианы, где Индианаполис - столица.
Энн Арбор - часть Мичигана в США.
Арлингтон - часть Техаса, когда говорят по-английски.
"Альбукерке" находится в Нью-Мексико, в США, из которых оккупанты - американцы.
"Акрон", штат Огайо - часть США, где азиатские американцы - этническая группа.
Персонаж комиксов "Астерикс" был создан Альбертом Удерзо и Рене Госкиным.
Созданный Лэнь Вайном, альтернативное название Aurakles - тоже Aurakles.
Doug Moench был создателем комического персонажа "Пулково", у которого есть альтернативное имя Келвин Мао.
В ролях Graeme Garden, Bananaman, сериал был показан на Би-би-си.
Билл Одди, звезда которого находится в Бананамане, родился в Ланкассире.
Биббо Биббоевский был создан американцем Джерри Орденом.
"Черный пират", также известный как Jon Valor, был создан Sheldon Moldoff.
Комический персонаж Blockbuster был создан Роджером Стерн и Томом Лайле.
Paris Culins и Gary Cohn - создатели комического персонажа Bolt.
Хлеб является ингредиентом Ajoblanco, родом из Испании.
Аджобланко, из Андалусии, имеет миндаль как один из своих ингредиентов.
Томаты - это ингредиент в соусе Amatriciana, который поступает из Лацио.
Bandeja paisa родом из департамента Антиокия Колумбии.
Arem-arem использует ингредиентный банановый лист, это общее блюдо в Индонезии.
Оливковое масло - это ингредиент, используемый при подготовке соуса Arrabbiata, найденного в Италии.
Соус "Арраббиата" найден в Италии, где столица - Рим.
Помидоры найдены в соусе Арраббиата, который родом из Италии.
Arrtus Negre родом из Испании, в него входят кальмары.
"Вырезка" - это ингредиент в Arros Negre, который поступает из региона Валенсийского сообщества.
"Айам пеньет" - это еда, найденная в Java, а основные ингредиенты "сжимаются" или "разбили" курицу, служившую с Самбалом.
"Колбаса" используется при создании Bacon Explorision, которое США благодарят за изобретение.
США, где Джон Робертс является лидером, является страной Bacon Explosion.
"Бекон" - это ингредиент в основном блюде "Bacon Explosion".
Бекон-бутерброд на хлебе также известен как бекон, бекон sarnie, сэндвич, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон
"Запеченная Аляска", как считается, возникла в США, Франции или Китае, и содержит рождественскую пудру в качестве ингредиента.
Запеченная Аляска родом из Китая, где говорят "Стандарт китайский".
Запеченные Аляска и печенье - это виды десертов.
Bakewell pudding был создан в 1820 году в Руландском оружии, в Бакэлле и имеет в качестве основных ингредиентов грунт, варенье, сливочное масло и яйца.
Bakewell tart, сделанная с короткометражной выпечкой, - вариатор Bakewell pudding.
Лимон (часть genus Citrus) - это ингредиент в Бандею паиса.
Batchoy - это еда на Филиппинах и один из его ингредиентов - креветки.
Китайский филиппинец - этническая группа на Филиппинах, где батюшка - традиционное блюдо.
"Говядина" teow берет свое начало из Сингапура, где говорят китайцы.
"Говядина" - это блюдо Сингапура, где Тони Тан является лидером.
"Баджжи" родом из Индии и Сумитра Махаджана - это лидер.
Бхаджи, использующий граммовую муку, - это блюдо, похожее на пакора и другие фритеры, изготовленные из пшеничной или кукурузной муки.
Ингредиент "Бинигнев" - сладкая картошка, а одним из главных ингредиентов является банан.
Саго - главный ингредиент в бинтах, но в нем также используется сладкий картофель.
Сладкий картофель (своего рода цветовое растение) используется в бинарных рецептах.
Сладкий картофель - основной ингредиент бинта, а картофель - часть заказа Solanales.
Бионико - это десерт, и он требует гранолы, как один из его ингредиентов.
Популярным десертом является Бионико и вариатором этого блюда может быть мед.
Бионико и мороженое оба служат в качестве десертного курса.
"Батагор" и "Сиомай" (который имеет соус арахиса в качестве ингредиента) являются вариациями одного и того же блюда.
A-Rosa Luna - 125800,0 миллиметра и был крещен 7 апреля 2005 года.
"A-Rosa Luna" составляет 125800,0 миллиметра в длину и классифицируется как круизное судно.
"АИЖАлуна" эксплуатируется AIDA Cruises, которые расположены на Росток.
"СПИД" составляет 253,26 м в длину и был запущен 16 марта 2013 года.
"Монреаль Локомотив" - строитель ALCO RS-3, имеющий четырехтактный двигатель.
Alliant Techsystems делает ALV X-1, а также производит AGM-88 HARM.
Richard A. Teague - это "Chrysler" и спроектирован AMC Matador.
Richard A. Teague, который работает на General Motors, спроектировал AMC Matador.
"ARA Veintistico de Mayo" (V-2) - 192000,0 миллиметра в длину и родом из Аргентины.
Abarth 1000 GT Coupe был изготовлен Abarth и разработан Gruppo Bertone.
Honda - производитель Acura TLx и имеет двигатель Honda J.
Honda - производитель Acura TLx, имеющий двигатель Inline-4.
Ледокол Алексея Чирикова построили в Финляндии, где Саули Ниинисто - лидер.
Ледокол Алексея Чирикова был построен на кораблях Arctech Helwaring с кораблем "21.2м".
Alfa Romeo 164, которая была собрана в Милане, а Fiat Croma - это связанные с транспортом средства.
Humphrys, Tennant и Dykes расположены в Deptford и власти Alhambra.
"Альгамбра" была запущена 31 мая 1855 года и имела пучок в 8,3 метра.
"Alvis Speed 25" имеет двигатель объемом 4387,00 куб. см и внушительная трансмиссия, придуманная как "односпальная коробка передач, отдельная 4-ступенчатая коробка передач, полноприводная коробка передач.
"Орел" стал преемником American Motors, которые делают AMC Matador.
Ракета "Антарес" сопоставима с Delta II и была запущена на среднеатлантическом региональном Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
Ракета "Антарес" запущена из Средне-атлантического регионального Spaceport, а его первое путешествие - 9 января 2014 года.
Airbus Group - материнская компания Airbus Defense & Space, где была изготовлена Ariane 5.
Aston Martin Virage сменил Aston Martin V8, который является соответствующим средством передвижения Aston Martin Rham / 1.
Компания Lockheed Martin изготовила Atlas II с космодрома на мысе Канаверал.
Audi A1 изготовлен Audi, который также владеет Ducati.
Seat Ibiza и Audi A1, построенные Audi, - это оба автомобиля.
Douglas R Oberhelman - это человек в Caterpillar Inc., где изготавливается СПИД.
Дата открытия памятника "Ататюрк" (Измир, Турция) - 1932-07-27.
"Мемориал" в Баку был посвящен солдатам Османской армии, погибшим в битве в Баку, и изготовлен из красного гранита и белого мрамора.
Родное имя Бакинского турецкого "Мемориала" - Turk Sehitleri Aniti и изготовлен из красного гранита и белого мрамора.
"Мертвый человек", выполненный из рока, посвящен "Эалдорману" Эалдорману из Восточной Англии.
Aaron S. Daggett воевал в битве за "Фредериксбург" и получил Purple Heart.
Аарон S Daggett воевал на "Битве Геттисбурга" и был награжден Purple Heart.
Абдул Таид Махмуд родился в Сараваке и является частью Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.
"Мири", Малайзия, является родиной Абдула Тайба Махмуда, чья партия - Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.
Абдулсалами Абубакар, служивший в нигерийской армии, находился в должности, а Майк Акхигбе был вице-президентом.
Абдулсалами Абубакар, родившийся в Минне, был начальником Главного штаба обороны Нигерии.
Абдулсалами Абубакар родился в штате Нигер и являлся начальником штаба обороны в Нигерии.
Abel Caballero родом из Понтезона в Испании.
Abner W. Sibal находился в армии США во время Второй мировой войны.
Abner W. Sibal служил в армии Соединенных Штатов, которая участвовала в американской Революционной войне.
Авраам A Ribicoff, родившийся в США, был женат на Рут Рибикофф.
Супругой Авраама А. Рибикофф стал Кейси Рибикофф, который родился в Чикаго.
Адам Коц, воевавший в польско-советской войне, награжден Крестом Валасом для Польши.
Адам Коц воевал в "Первой мировой войне" и получил премию "Звезда", Parasol.
Адам Коц, завоевавший премию "Виртуи милитари", воевал во Второй мировой войне.
Родился в Греции Адонис Георгиадис, работал заместителем парламентского представителя "Народного православного ралли".
Адонис Георгиадис был в должности, пока Антонис Самарас был премьер-министром. Антонис Самарас был в должности под Константинос Митзотакис, премьер-министр.
Адонис Георгиадис находился в должности при премьер-министре Антонисе Самарасе, которого сменил Константинос Митзотакис.
Airey Neave начал свою карьеру 30 июня 1953 года и завершил его 30 марта 1979 года.
Airey Neave начал свою карьеру 30 июня 1953 года и был во Второй мировой войне.
"Айри Неаве", который родился в Кинистсберге, воевал во Второй мировой войне.
Airey Neave воевал во Второй мировой войне, во время которого Иосиф Сталин был командиром.
Альберт Б. Уайт умер в Паркерсбурге, Западная Виргиния, а его преемником стал Уильям М. О. Доусон.
В районе Нью-Мексико скончался Фонтан Альберт Дженнингс. Он был в должности, в то время как Эдмунд Ж. Дэвис был вице-президентом.
Alberto Teisaire умер в городе Буонос-Айрес, лидером которого является Диего Сантилли.
Альфонс Горбахов родился в штате Тироль, в Австрии.
Alfons Gorbach, родившийся в Австрии, находился в должности, а Адольф Счарф был президентом.
Родился в Дариене, штат Коннектикут, Альфред Н. Филлипс, был мэром "Стамбула Коннектикут".
Альфред Н. Филлипс служил в армии США, воевавшей в американской Гражданской войне.
"Аллан Шиверс" входил в сенат штата Техас 4 для Порт-Артура. Бен Рамси его добился.
Альве Сабин был госсекретарем штата Вермонт перед Гомером Элиху Ройс.
AC Cesena находится в лиге Серии B, предыдущие чемпионы которой - Carpi FC 1909.
AC Chievo Verona играет в лиге Серии А и их родной земле - Стадио Марк Антонио Бентегоди.
Площадка А.С. Лумеззане находится в Италии, где лидером является Pietro Grasso.
Хорхе Умберто Родригес управляет A.D. Isidro Metapan, он играл за C.D.
A.E. Dimitra Efeinoupolis имеет 1500 членов и входит в лигу EPSTH International Group.
Менеджер A.F.C. Blackpool - Stuart Parker (футболист), который играет за Runcorn F.C. Halton.
Менеджер A.F.C. Blackpool - Стюарт Паркер (футболист), который играет в клубе "Спарта".
У AFC Fylde есть домашняя площадка под названием The Fylde и имеет 3180 членов.
A.F.C. Fylde имеет 3180 членов и базируется на Bryning Lane.
A.s. Livorno Calcio управляется Кристиан Панучи, который играет за сборную Италии по футболу.
Площадки в Риме, Италия, A.S. Roma, чтобы играть в Серии А.
ACF Fiorentina играет в Серии А, которая базируется в Италии.
Менеджер AFC Ajax - Frank de Boer, который находится в Молодежной академии Ajax.
AFC Ajax насчитывает 53502 члена и является владельцем AFC Ajax NV.
AFC Ajax базируется в Амстердаме, где лидером является Эберхард ван дер Лаан.
АФК "AFC Ajax" ("любители"), насчитывающая 5000 членов, сыграла в Топклассе в сезоне 2014-2015 годов.
"АЗАЛ ПФК" играет свои домашние матчи на AZAL Arena в Шувулане.
"Az Almakar" - Almakar Zaanstreek, она насчитывает 17023 члена.
Площадка "Agrimiacao Sportiva" - это Эстадио муниципальная Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, расположенная в Бразилии.
"Agrimiação Sportiva Araprivense" (которое является его полным названием) имеет клуб с 17000 членами.
Команда "Акрон Встреча на высшем уровне" базируется в Акрон, штат Огайо, США.
Клуб Massimo Drago - S.S. Chieti Calcio и он управляет A.C. Cesena.
Отель Acharya International of Technologies расположен в Солдеванахалли, Ачарья д-р Сарвапалли Радхакришнан Дорога, Хессаргетта Основная дорога, Бангалор - 560090 и режиссер - д-р Г.П. Прабхукумар.
Всеиндийский совет по техническому образованию предоставил Ачарскому институту технологии статус "Технического центра". Официальные школьные цвета - синий, белый и оранжевый.
Международная федерация тенниса, которая является руководящим органом спорта, согласилась позволить Ачарскому институту технологий предложить теннис в школе.
Школа деловых и социальных наук в Орхусском университете входит в состав Ассоциации Европейского университета, которая имеет свою штаб-квартиру в Брюсселе.
Acharya Institute of Technology находится в штате Карнатака, который имеет Аравийское море на западе.
1634: "Баварский кризис" написан Вирджинией ДеМарсе и Эриком Флинтом и предшествовал Grantville Gazette III.
Eric Flint - автор "1634: Ram Reburge", который можно найти в виде книги Е.
1634: Ram Restruction был написан Эриком Флинтом и может быть найден в твердости.
ACM транзакции по информационным системам с CODEN ATISET сокращались как ACM Trans. INF.
Журнал "СПИД" - из Соединенного Королевства, лидером которого является Елизавета II.
"Крепость серого льда" была написана J. V. Jones и имеет ISBN номер 0-7653-0633-6.
Glastonbury Romance имеет ISBN номер 0-7156-3648-0 и находится в печати.
Glastonbury Romance, идентифицированный ISBN 0-7156-3648-0, был опубликован в твердости.
Glastonbury Romance имеет 1174 страницы и доступен в печати.
ISBN номер A Long Long Way - 0-670-03380-4, а его OCLC номер 57392246.
Loyal Charter Dancer опубликован в США, где азиатские американцы являются одной из этнических групп.
Loyal Charter Dancer опубликован компанией Soho Press, которая находится в США.
Мастер Марса был написан Diane Duane с OCLC номер 318875313.
Мастер Mars опубликован в Hardcover и имеет ISBN номер 978-0-15-204770-2.
Мастер Mars составляет 560 страниц и имеет ISBN номер 978-0-15-204770-2.
Aenir и это продолжение Above the Veil - это примеры Australin литературы.
Над "Велом" последовала книга "Аенир" и написана на английском языке.
Над "Велом" - сиквел "Аенир", который был написан после замка.
"Акта математика" - издатель Springer Science + Business Media, основанный Julius Springer.
В Executive Science Quarter есть Coden code "ASCQAG" и аббревиатура Admin.Sci.Q.
Cornell University сотрудничает с Ассоциацией государственных и земельных грантовых университетов и публикует "Административную науку".
Написанный Гартом Никс, Aenir, имеет ISBN номер "0-439-17684-0.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Libraries опубликован в Hardcover и имеет ISBN номер 0-439-92550-9.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarian, идентифицированный ISBN 0-439-92550-9, имеет 320 страниц.
СПИД (journal) попадает под академическую дисциплину ВИЧ, которая относится к семейному ортопеду.
Fortress of Grey Ice - из США, где язык - английский.
Региональный аэропорт "Абилен" обслуживает город Абилен, являющийся частью округа Тейлор, штат Техас, в Соединенных Штатах.
Adirondack Russian Airport имеет длину взлетно-посадочной полосы 1219,0 и обслуживает города Saranac Lake и Lake Placid, New York.
Взлетно-посадочная полоса 14L / 32R "Адольфо Суарес Мадрид" - Barajas Airport в Мадриде имеет длину 4100,0.
Индийские военно-воздушные силы в Индии эксплуатируют аэропорт "Агра", который использует VIAG в качестве идентификатора местоположения ИКАО.
На авиабазе "Аль-Асад" в Ираке имеется взлетно-посадочная полоса протяженностью 3078,48 метра.
Авиабаза «Аль-Асад» эксплуатируется военно-воздушными силами Соединенных Штатов, которые участвовали в захвате Гренады и корейской войне.
Авиабаза «Аль-Асад» эксплуатируется военно-воздушными силами Соединенных Штатов, в которых в качестве одного из ее отмеченных сражений, а также в рамках операции «За свободу» была проведена операция «Инвазия Гренады».
ВВС Соединенных Штатов, которые являются операционной организацией авиабазы "Аль-Асад", боролись с боями в корейской войне, а также в операции "Энди Свобода".
1-я взлетно-посадочная полоса в аэропорту "Алдерни" сделана из Поакэ и имеет длину 733,0.
Расположенный в городе Уилсон, округ Альпена, штат Мичиган, региональный аэропорт Альпена, расположен на высоте 210 м над уровнем моря, а длина взлетно-посадочной полосы - 1533 метра.
Аэропорт Амстердама "Schiphol", обслуживающий город Амстердам, расположен на высоте -3.3528 м над уровнем моря и имеет длину взлетно-посадочной полосы 3500.
Andrews County Airport находится в Техасе (США), где Хьюстон - крупнейший город.
Международный аэропорт Анголы расположен в Иколо-е-Бенго Ангола, он имеет взлетно-посадочную полосу длиной в 4 тысячи футов.
Международный аэропорт Анголы расположен на острове Иколо е Бенго в Анголе, а взлетно-посадочная полоса называется "южная взлетно-посадочная полоса".
Международный аэропорт Антверпена, расположенный на высоте 12,0 м над уровнем моря, принадлежит и эксплуатируется фламандским правительством.
Фламандский департамент мобильности и общественных работ является операционной организацией и владельцем Антверпенского международного аэропорта, который обслуживает город Антверпен.
Appleton International обслуживает город Апплетон, являющийся частью Кимберли, Висконсин, как и Little chute.
Appleton International Airport находится в "Гринвилле", входящем в состав Clayton Winnebago, Висконсин, США.
3-я взлетно-посадочная полоса в Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) выполнена из Poaceae, которая является заказником Poales и относится к разделению цветущих растений.
Международный аэропорт "Ашхабад" (расположен в Ашхабаде) повышен на 211 метров над уровнем моря и имеет длину взлетно-посадочной полосы в 3800 метров.
Международный аэропорт Афин обслуживает город Афины, в Греции, где Алексис Ципрас является лидером.
Atlantic City International Airport, имеющий взлетно-посадочную полосу с именем 4 / 22, находится в городе Эгг Харбор, штат Нью-Джерси, Соединенные Штаты.
Международный аэропорт Антверпена обслуживает город Антверпен в Бельгии, где лидером является Филипп из Бельгии.
Poaceae - в классе Monocotyledon и заказ Commelinids. Это также поверхностный тип второй взлетно-посадочной полосы аэропорта "Ардмор", Новая Зеландия.
Художник с группой Kids Imagine Nation, Аарон Бертрамвай играет для группы Suburban Legends, которая играет поп-музыку.
Аарон Дейр родился в Индиане, США и его музыкальный жанр - инди-рок.
"Черная металлическая музыка" - вещь Аарона Тернера, и он играет за "Сумерки". Господин Тернер также ассоциируется с "Греймашиной", группой.
Аарон Тернер играет беспилотную музыку и играл с группами "Сумерки" и "Греймашина".
Аарон Тернер играл с группами "Сумерки" и "Сумац". Он исполняет "черную металлическую музыку".
Аарон Тернер выступал с группой Sumac и является музыкантом "Черный металл". "Смертник" - музыкальный сплав черного металла.
Аарон Тернер играет электрогитару в жанре Black Metal. "Смертник" - это сплав черного металла.
"Абрадаб" исполняет хип-хоп музыку, которая имеет поджанр Gangsta rap. "Барабан" и "бас" - это звуки из хип-хоп музыки.
ACE Wilder, родившаяся в Швеции, является сольным певцом на записной этикетке Warner Music Group.
Агустин Барбоса - сольный певец, который исполняет Guarania и подписывается на Philips Records.
Агустин Барбоса родился 5 мая 1913 года в Асунсьоне, который находится в Парагвае.
Ахмет Эртегун исполняет блюзовую музыку и родом из Вашингтона, США.
Аль Андерсон, который играет с группой NRBQ, когда-то играл с The Wildweeds. 1966 год - год, когда Al Aderson, из группы NRQB, стал активным.
Музыкальный жанр Alan Frews - рок-музыка. Жанр возник из загородной музыки и имеет свое стилистическое происхождение в народной музыке.
Родился в Эррате, Миссисипи, Альбенни Джонс - джазовый музыкант и сольный певец.
Albennie Jones играет Jazz music, которая возникла из музыки "Blues". "Сплав джаза" афиширует музыку.
Александра Ковач, чей музыкальный жанр Pop, находится в той же группе с Корнелием Ковач и ассоциируется с музыкальным художником Bebi Dol.
Александра Ковач - художник для группы K2 и ассоциируется с музыкальным художником Bebi Dol. Музыкальный жанр Александры Ковач - ритм и блюз.
Жанр "Александры Ковак" - "Ритм и блюз", и он находится в той же группе с Корнелием Ковач. Он также ассоциируется с музыкальным художником Bebi Dol.
Альфред Гарт Джонс родился в Манчестере (Англия) и умер в Лондоне.
Альфред Гарт Джонс родился в Манчестере в Великобритании, а умер в Лондоне.
Альфред Гарт Джонс умер в Сиднее, Лондон (во главе с Борисом Джонсоном).
Альфредо Зитарроса, чей рекорд - RCA Records, находится в жанре - "Замка", которая считается художественной формой и имеет фон как сольный певец.
Джаз-музыкант Alison O 'Donnell подписан с Static Caravan Recordings. Джаз - происхождение Funk.
"Аллен Форрест", сольный певец, который исполняет акустическую музыку, родился в Форт-Кэмпбелл, KY и был поднят в городке Dothan, AL.
Андерс Осборн работал с Tab Benoit и ассоциируется с Voice of the Wetland All-Stars и Billy Iuso.
Рок-музыкант Андерс Осборн ранее был подписан на рекордные метки Alligator Records и "Океан рекорд".
Жанр "певца Андра" - "Ритм" и "блюз". Она ассоциируется с группой CRBL и с певицей Пуйя.
Начав свою карьеру в качестве сольного певца, жанр Андра - Ритм и блюз, производный из которых, Disco.
Christian Burns играет домашнюю музыку и ассоциируется с Эндрю Райхелем. Господин Райель связан с Jawadan Moyine, музыкантом.
Andrew Rayel ассоциируется с музыкантами Jwaydan Moyine и Armin van Buuren (который играет в Доме музыки).
Алан Беан находился под командиром Дэвида Скотта на миссии "Аполлон" "Аполло 12".
Dianne Feinstein - сенатор в Калифорнии, где 21 июля 1998 года умер Алан Шепард.
Buzz Aldrin, также называемый Эдвин Э. Альдрин-младший, окончил в 1963 году из MIT с Sc.D. и был членом экипажа на "Аполло-11".
Буз Алдрин, который был членом экипажа "Аполлон-11" и провел 52 минуты в космосе, родился в Глен-Ридж-Нью-Джерси.
Alan Shepard, который был награжден медалью Военно-морского флота США, умер в Калифорнии, кстати, Смилодон - ископаемый из Калифорнии.
Elliot See, который был выбран НАСА в 1962 году, скончался 28 февраля 1966 года в Сент-Луисе.
Эллиот Си, родившийся 23 июля 1927 года в Далласе, умер.
Родился 17 октября 1933 года в британском Гонконге, Уильям Андерс будет выступать в качестве члена экипажа на "Аполло-8".
Аарон Богаард родился в Реджине, Саскачеван, и играет за Вихита Гроба. Он составляет 1,905 м в высоту.
Молодежный клуб "Аарон Хант" был Госларом SC 08, его клуб - VfL Wolfsburg и он играет за SV Werder Bremen II.
Аарон Хант играет за Vfl Wolfsburg и SV Werder Bremen. Он являлся членом молодежной команды "Госларер СК 08".
Абель Эрнандес играл в молодежном футболе для Центральной эспаньола. С тех пор он ассоциировался с клубами US Citta di "Палермо" и "Пенарол".
Ахмад Кадхим Асад, который ранее играл за "Эстегиаль Ахваз", играет за сборную Ирака по футболу, которой руководит Аднан Хамад.
"Akeem Ayers" играл за Tennessee Titans и имеет проект № 39 и проект раунда 2.
Akeem Ayers привык играть за "Сент-Луис Рамс". В проекте "раунда 2" он был номером 39.
Американская футбольная команда "Сент-Луис Рамс" базируется в городе Сент-Луис. Это бывшая команда Akeem Ayersm, чья дебютная команда была теннисисткой Tennessee Titans.
Акеем Дент, дебютировавший с "Атлантой", родился в Атланте, Грузия, 27 сентября 1987 года.
Ямайка, чья королева Елизавета II, возглавляет Патрик Аллен и является местом рождения Akeem Priestley.
Алаа Абдул Захра играет за Al Shorta SC и для спортивного клуба "Аль-Хор", расположенного в Аль-Хоре.
Клуб "Алаа Абдул-Захра" - клуб «Шабаб аль-Ордон», и он играет за "Аль-Харатьят" на своей родине Аль-Хор.
Футболист, Алан Мартин родился 1 января 1989 года и является футболистом для команды Crewe Alexandra FC и для Aldershot Town F.C.
Alan Martin, родившийся 1 января 1989 года, играл за Crewe Alexandra FC. и Hamilton Academic FC.
Александр Барков-младший родился в Тампере, Финляндия, 2 сентября 1995 года.
Александр Барков-младший родился 2 сентября 1995 года и играл за "Флориду Пантерз".
Александр Барков-младший родился в Тампере, Финляндия в 1995-09-02 годах и он играет за "Флориду Пантерз".
Александр Прудников родился 24 февраля 1989 года и играет за ФК "Кубань Краснодар", а также за ФК "Динамо".
Александр Прудников родился 24 февраля 1989 года, а его клуб - ФК "Спартак", но он также играет за ФК "Кубань Краснодар".
Клуб "Александре Гурули" - "Олимпик Лайоннаис", чья домашняя площадка - стадион Parc Olympique Lyonnais. Также он играет за "АЗАЛ ПФК".
Alessio Romagnoli играет за A.C. Milan, под управлением Синиша Михайловича, а также играл за UC Sampdoria.
"Алекс Планте" родился в Манитобе в 1989 году и играл за клуб Anyang Halla.
Лига Алекса Тайуса играет в "Турецкую баскетбольную Суперлигу". Его клуб - Maccabi Ashdod BC, который курирует, Зви Шерф.
Алекс Планте родился в Канаде, где национальный гимн - О Канада и лидер - Елизавета II.
Клубом Александра Чумакова стал ФК "Торпедо Москва". Клуб, которым руководит Валерий Петраков, сыграл в 2014 году - 15-й сезон в российской премьер-лиге.
Abner, который является игроком футбольного клуба "Коритиба", также играет за "Реал" Кастилии, которым руководит Луис Мигель Рамис.
"Акеем Адамс", который представлял Тринидад и Тобаго на уровне менее 20 лет, играл за "United Petrotrin FC", чья площадка - Palo Seco.
11 "Диагональная улица" расположена в ЮАР (Кирилл Рамафоса - один из лидеров), столицей которого является Кейптаун.
11 "Диагональная улица" расположена в ЮАР, в стране, в которой колоть - одна из этнических групп и Джейкоб Зума - лидер.
11 Diagonal Street находится в ЮАР, где лидером является Джейкоб Зума. Этническая группа нашла там белых южноафриканцев.
Фрэнк Г Джексон - лидер "Кливленда", США, где находится 200 Общественная площадь.
250 Delaware Avenue находится в городе Баффало, графство Эрих, Нью-Йорк.
300 North LaSalle находится в Чикаго (лидером которого является Рахм Эмануэле), США.
Расположенный в Дублине, 3Arena, архитектором которого был HOK SVE), был завершен в декабре 2008 года.
Густонаселенный был архитектором 3Arena в Дублине, который был завершен в декабре 2008 года.
Владелец "3Arena" - Live Nation Entertainment, который находится в Дублине, Ирландия.
Marriott International - арендатор AC Hotel Bella Sky Copen, Дания, которая была разработана архитекторами фирмы 3XN.
Джеймс Пэйн был архитектором "Ареша Манор", который был завершен в 1862 году и принадлежит J P McManus.
Правительство Аддис-Абебы является нынешним арендатором мэрии Аддис-Абебы, который находится на высоте 42 метра и имеет площадь в 140000,0 (кв. м).
Adisham Hall, который находится в Шри-Ланке, был завершен в 1931 году, а архитектурный стиль - Тудор Возрождение.
Музей искусств "Акита" имеет площадь в 3746,66 кв. м над 3 этажами и был открыт 28 сентября 2013 года.
Музей или искусство "Акита" находится в Аките, в префектуре Акита, Япония.
Колледж Уильяма и Марии является владельцем Alan B. Miller Hall в Виргинии. Здание было начато 30 марта 2007 года.
Роберт Гейтс - канцлер The College of William and Mary, который принадлежит Алану Б Миллеру Холл и находится в Виргинии.
Школа бизнеса "Мэйсон" в США - нынешние арендаторы Alan B Miller Hall в Виргинии.
Отель Alan B. Miller Hall, здание которого началось 30 марта 2007 года, находится в городе Уильямсбург, штат Вирджиния, и находится в собственности Колледжа Уильяма и Марии.
476. Больница «Ампара» расположена в районе Ампара, Шри-Ланка.
Больница «Ампара» находится в Восточной провинции, Шри-Ланка. Ranil Wickremesinghe - лидер там.
Отель Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House, расположенный по маршруту США 83 и построенный в 1911 году, был добавлен в Национальный регистр исторических мест 22 ноября 1988 года.
Asilomar Conference Grounds расположен в Тихом океане, Калифорния, и был добавлен в Национальный регистр исторических мест 27 февраля 1987 года. Его справочный номер в Национальном регистре исторических мест - 87000823.
Asser Levy Public Baths находится в Asser Levy Place, East 23-й улице и был добавлен в Национальный реестр исторических мест на 1980-04-й, с номером 80002709.
Asser Levy Public Baths находится в Нью-Йорке, США Манхэттен - борщ в Нью-Йорке.
T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan являются лидерами в Индии, где находится Амдавад-ни-Гуфа.
Небесное тело, известное как (410777) 2009 FD имеет орбитальный период 39447000, имеет периапсис 88234300000,0 и он был обнаружен компанией Spacewatch.
(66063) 1998 RO1 имеет апофеоз 254989570.60815 км, максимальная температура 500 келвинов и минимальная температура -71 градус.
Небесное тело, известное как (66391) 1999 KW4, имеет апофеоз 162164091,8388 км, средняя скорость - 37,16 километров в секунду, а плотность - 2,0 грамма на кубический сантиметр.
Периапсис 1001 Gaussia (формально известный как 1923 OAA907 XC) - 419113394.55312 км, и у него есть эпоха 31 июля 2016 года.
Первооткрывателем 101 Елены является Джеймс Крейг Уотсон, приехавший из Канады. Он умер в Мэдисоне, штат Висконсин.
1036 Ganymed был обнаружен у Вальтера Баада, немецкого гражданина, который учился в университете Готтингена.
Небесное тело, известное как 103 Hera, имеет скорость эвакуации 0,0482 k.p.s., температура 170,0 келвинов и апофеоз 437170000,0 километров.
103 Hera имеет массу 7,9 кг и скорость эвакуации 0,0482 км в секунду. У него есть апофеоз 437170000,0 (километров).
107 Camilla, которая имеет периапсис 479343000,0 км, была обнаружена E Wells и имеет эпоху 31 декабря 2006 года.
N.R Pogson родился в Ноттингеме и обнаружил 107 Camilla, который имеет эпоху с 31 декабря 2006 года.
Эпоха 1097 Vicia - 2006.12.31. У него есть периапсис 279142000000,0 и апофеоз 511592000,0 километров.
Небесное тело, известное как 1097 Vicia, имеет температуру 171 кельвинов, скорость эвакуации - 0,0112 километров в секунду и апофеоз 511592000,0 км.
Небесное тело, известное как 1099 Figneria, имеет температуру 156 келвинов, апофеоз 605718000,0 км и скорость эвакуации 0,0155 км / сек.
10 "гигиены"; имеет поверхность площадью 837080,744 кв. км, апофеоз 523951582,3968 километров, а также температура 164,0 келвинов.
Эпоха 1101 clematis - 31 июля 2016 года. Орбитальный период для 1101 clematis - 183309000,0 и имеет апофеоз 520906000,0 Kilometers.
110 «Лидия»; имеет измерение перипета 377016000000,0, орбитальный период 142603000,0 и его эпоха - 31 декабря 2006 года.
"Абилен", штат Техас - 524 выше уровня моря, составляет 286,5 квадратных километров и имеет 429,9 человека на квадратный километр.
"Абилен" находится в Техасе в США. Washington, D. C. - столица страны.
"Альбани" - город в городе Дугерти, Грузия в Соединенных Штатах, где афроамериканцы являются этнической группой.
Альбина - город в графстве Линн и часть Benton County, Oregon в США
"Нью-Мексико", которую возглавляет Дон Трипп, является лидером "Альбукерки", Нью-Мексико в США.
"Альбукерке", "Нью-Мексико" находится в США и возглавляет городской совет "Альбукерке", лидером которого является Ричард Дж.Берри.
Alpharetta входит в состав американского штата Джорджия, где афроамериканцы являются одной из этнических групп страны.
"Амарльо" - часть округа Поттер и Рандалл в штате Техас в США
Коренные американцы - это этническая группа в США, где вы найдете Амарльо, который является частью округа Поттер в Техасе.
Коренные американцы являются этнической группой в Соединенных Штатах, где "Амарльо" находится в городе Рандалл, штат Техас.
"Оранжевый округ" в Калифорнии входит в зону Большого Лос-Анджелеса, где находится Анахайм в США.
"Анахайм" - калифорнийский город на оранжевой ветке. Ее возглавляет Палата представителей Соединенных Штатов.
Ангола является частью округа Стеубен, штат Индиана в Соединенных Штатах, стране, где коренные американцы являются этнической группой.
В Атланте плотность населения составляет 1299 человек на квадратный километр, коды районов - 404, 678 и 470, а общая площадь - 347,1.
Соединенные Штаты, в состав которых входят афроамериканцы среди своих этнических групп, - это расположение Атланты, Грузия.
Большая часть "Атланты" - часть округа Декалб в Грузии, США.
"Обь" является частью округа Ли, штат Алабама в США.
Обь - часть штата Вашингтон, США; столица Вашингтона - "Олимпия".
Страна Остин, штат Техас, США и ее жители называют американцев и афроамериканцев этнической группой внутри страны.
Андерсон входит в Madison County, Indiana в США
"Александрия", "Индиана" входит в состав Мэдисон округа Индиана в США. Самый крупный город в городе Мэдисон - Андерсон.
Соединенные Штаты - это расположение Абилена, часть округа Джонс, штат Техас, и имеет столицу Вашингтона.
Abilene находится в графстве Тейлор, штат Техас, США, чья столица - Вашингтон, округ Колумбия.
"Альбина" - часть Орегона в США, где столица - Вашингтон.
Auburn входит в состав King County, Washington in the United States, столицей которого является Вашингтон.
"Альбукерке", Нью-Мексико находится в Соединенных Штатах, где английский язык является официальным языком, а афроамериканцы являются одной из этнических групп страны.
Азиатские американцы - этническая группа в США, где говорят по-английски, а Альбина, Орегон.
Родные американцы - одна из этнических групп в Соединенных Штатах Америки, где Барак Обама является лидером и где находится Альбукерке в Нью-Мексико.
Ангола, Индиана расположена в Соединенных Штатах, где говорят на английском языке, а коренные американцы - этническая группа.
"Анахайм" в Калифорнии возглавляется американской палатой представителей Соединенных Штатов, которая входит в состав конгресса Соединенных Штатов.
Комический персонаж "Аурон" был создан Уолтом Симонсоном и американцем Карлом Кезелем.
Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead, является ключевым человеком на Би-би-си, который находится в Лондоне и передает Bananaman.
Билл Одди снялся в Бананамане, который впервые вышел в эфир 3 октября 1983 года и транслировался "СПОРТ".
Baymax впервые появился в Big Hero 6 и был создан Duncan Rouleau и Steven T. Seagle.
Создателем Bibbo Bibbowski, которого часто называют Биббо, являются Джерри Ордэй и Марв Вольфман.
Комический персонаж Blockbuster, также известный как Roland Desmond, был создан Роджером Стерн и Томом Лайле.
Комический персонаж "Болт" имеет альтернативное название Ларри Болатинский и был создан Эрни Колоном и Дэн Мишкиным.
Альтернативное название для комикса "Болт" - Ларри Болатинский и он был создан парижскими Cullins и Дэн Мишкиным.
Из Испании Ajoblanco (так же, как Ajo blanco) имеет хлеб в качестве ингредиента.
Аджобланко родом из Андалусии, в Испании. Ajoblanco содержит воду.
"Арем арем" родом из страны Индонезии, где два лидера - Джоко Видодо и Юсуф Калла.
Arem-arem - это еда, найденная по всей стране в Индонезии, но более специфична для Java. Юсуф Калла - лидер Индонезии.
Лидер Италии - Серхио Маттарелла, это тоже там, где говорят итальянцы, и соус арраббиата родом.
Соус "Арраббиата", традиционное блюдо из Рима в Италии, имеет чили перца в качестве одного из своих важных ингредиентов.
Чеснок - это ингредиент в соусе arrabbiata, который выходил из района Рима, в Италии.
Arros Negre содержит Squid и родом из Каталонской области Испании.
"Вырезка" - это ингредиент в Arrtes Negre, который поступает из региона Валенсийского сообщества, в Испании.
Основные ингредиенты асам ПЕДАС, еда из районов Суматра и Малая полуострова Малайзии, состоят из рыбы, приготовленной в сметане и горячем соусе.
«Айам пеньет» изготавливается из выжженной или сбитой курицы, обслуживаемой самблой, и является популярным блюдом в Java, Малайзия.
Бекон и колбаса - главные ингредиенты в Bacon Explorision, которая поступает из США.
Одна из этнических групп в США - это родные американцы, страна также является родиной блюдо-бекона, а также у Васингтона Д., как это капитально город.
США - страна Bacon Explosion. Барак Обама - лидер, а Вашингтон - столица.
Bacon Explorision возник в США, где афроамериканцы - этническая группа, а Джон Робертс - лидер.
Бекон-бутерброд - это вариации BLT и родом из Великобритании. В этих бутербродах найдены конюшни.
"Meringue" - это ингредиент Baked Alaska, который родом из Нью-Йорка и Франции.
Губчатый торт - один из ингредиентов в Baked Alaska, блюдо из Нью-Йорка и найденный в США.
Рождественский пудинг - это ингредиент в десерте Baked Alaska. Cookie - тоже десерт.
Sandesh (кондитерская) - это блюдо, которое можно подавать в качестве десерта. Еще одно блюдо, которое является десертом, - Baked Alaska, которая имеет рождественскую пудру в качестве ингредиента.
Часть колумбийской кухни, Bandeja paisa (которая имеет почечную фасоль как один из ингредиентов), поступает из района Антиокия.
"Барни Кэпиталз" родом из Франции, где Джерард Ларше и Клод Бартолоне - лидеры.
Барные пирожки можно сделать с яблоком и иметь 18 граммов моркови и 1,8 г белка.
"Говядина" teow - это блюдо из страны Сингапура, где лидером является Халима Янаб и валюта - Сингапурский доллар.
Блюдо, обычно обнаруженное в Сингапуре и Индонезии, - это говядина, которая имеет соевый соус в качестве основного ингредиента.
Популярная еда в Индонезии, Beef kway teow родом из Сингапура. Страна, где Тони Тан - лидер.
"Баджи" родом из Индии, это основные ингредиенты - это грамма муки и овощей.
"Баджи" родом из Индии, страны индейцев, где лидером является Т.С. Тхакур.
Баджи родом из страны Индии, где два лидера - Т.С. Тхакур и Нарендра Моди.
"Баджжи" родом из района Карнатака, а основные ингредиенты - овощи и граммовая мука.
Бинтовое блюдо можно найти на Филиппинах. Два основных ингредиента в нем - банан и сладкая картошка.
Бионико - десерт, содержащий сметану из Мексики.
В районе Халиско, в Мексике, содержится бионико.
Один из ингредиентов в Баксо - сельдерей, который является членом рода Apium в семье Apiaceae.
"Бионико" - это десерт, который требует гранолы как одного из его ингредиентов; его можно съесть как альтернативу торту.
Баксо - это блюдо из страны Индонезии, где столица - Джакарта и один из лидеров - Юсуф Калла.
Из Сингапурского региона "Айам пеньет" - это еда, найденная в Java, где этическая группа - Бадуй.
"Айам пеньет" исходит из Java, где Банюмасан - этническая группа. Его можно встретить по всей стране, а также в Сингапуре и Малайзии.
Лидером Испании является Фелипе VI, а также там, где говорит испанский, и блюдо аррос Негре.
В 1955 году Dodge, также получивший название Dodge Coronet, имеет твердость и двигатель V8.
В 1955 году Dodge, с альтернативным названием Dodge coronet, имеет двигатель V8 и 3-ступенчатую трансмиссию.
Заказанный 22 января 2004 года "A-Rosa Luna", классифицирован как корабль "Круз" и имеет длину 125,8 метра.
Оператором AIDAstella является немецкая выручка AIDA Cruises. AIRAstella принадлежит Costa Crociere.
"ALCO RS-3" была построена компанией "Монреаль Локомотив", имеет 12 цилиндров и составляет 17068,8 ммс в длину.
Из Соединенных Штатов и американцев, некоторые африканские приличные - это ALVX-1.
Matador Matador был собран в Кеноше, штат Висконсин, доступен в модели 1974 года и представляет собой относительное средство передвижения для посла АМК.
AMC Matador, включая модель 1971 года, и посол связаны между собой. Сборочная линия находится в порту Мельбурн, штат Виктория.
Gruppo Bertone, из Турина Италия, спроектировал Abarth 1000 GT Coupe.
Финляндия - родина финнов и ледокол Алексея Чирикова, построенного на Arctech Helsing Shipyard.
Alfa Romeo 164, которая была собрана в Италии, и Lancia Thema - это смежные виды транспорта. Столица Италии - Рим.
"Alfa Romeo 164" была собрана в Арезе и является аналогичным средством транспортировки в Fiat Croma, а также связана с Lancia Thema.
"Альгамбра", потерпевшая крушение, имела дальний свет на 8,3 м и составила 63800,0 ммс в длину.
Компания Alvis Car and Engineering Company, основанная в Коврове и сменившая компанию "Ровер", изготовила Alvis Speed 25.
"Орел" является преемником American Motors, который изготовил AMC Matador и имел Рой Д Чапин-младший среди своего ключевого персонала.
Ракета "Антарес", изготовленная "Южноуральским конструкторским управлением", ее майский рейс был произведен 21 апреля 2013 года, запущенный из среднеатлантического регионального Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
"ARA Veintificato De mayo" (V-2) родом из страны Аргентины, которую возглавляет Маурисио Макри и имеет столицу Буэнос-Айреса.
Aston Martin V8, связанный с Astom Martin Rham / 1, собран в Ньюпорте Пагнел, Букингемшир, Англия, Великобритания и имеет двигатель 5,3 литра.
Aston Martin V8 похож на DBS и имеет двигатель 5,3 литра. Она сделана в Ньюпорте Пагнель, Букингемшир, Англия, Великобритания.
Aston Martin Virage, сделанная компанией Aston Martin, была удалена Aston Martin Virage, и является сопутствующим средством передвижения к Aston Martin Rham / 1.
"Атлас II" родом из США, где коренные американцы являются этнической группой, а лидер - президентом.
Audi A1 - хэтчбек, собранный Audi Brussels и имеет двигатель объемом 1,2 литра.
Audi A1 производит Audi. Это аналогичные средства транспорта, как Seat Ibiza и Volkswagen Polo, так как они все автомобили.
AIRAluna работает на базе Caterpillar Inc., которая была основана в Калифорнии и расположена в Пеории, штат Иллинойс.
"СПИД" работает на базе компании "Caterpiller Inc". Douglas R Oberhelman - ключевой человек в Caterpillar Inc.
Ariane 5 была запущена на ELA-3, которая расположена в Космическом центре Гвиана, штаб-квартира которого находится в Куру.
Расположенный во Французской Гвиане, Гвианский космический центр - сайт ELA-3, где была запущена Ariane 5.
ALV X-1 возник в США, где народ называют американцами и включает в себя этническую группу белых американцев.
Adams County, Пенсильвания - это место 11-й Миссисипи Инфанте. Franklin Country Pennistan находится на западе и в графстве Фредерик на юго-западе.
"Мемориал Баку", посвященный солдатам Османской армии, погибшим в битве за Баку, находится в Азербайджане. В настоящее время Артур Расизаде является лидером страны.
"Мемориал Баку" в Азербайджане был спроектирован Хюсейн Бьюнер и Хилми Гюнером и посвящен солдатам Османской армии, погибшим в битве в Баку.
Азербайджан, где лидером является Артур Расизаде, - это расположение Баку-турецкого мемориала "Мемориал". Мемориал был разработан Гусейном Бутунером и Хилми Гунером.
"Мемориал Баку" был разработан Гусейном Бутунером и Хилми Гунером и расположен в Азербайджане, где он называется Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
"Пурпурный Сердце" Aaron S. Daggat родился в Майне и, в частности, воевал в битве за Фредериксбург.
AB Klink родилась в Нидерландах, принадлежит Христианско-демократической апелляционной партии и окончила университет Эрасмус в Роттердаме.
Родился в Королевстве Саравак, Абдул Тайб Махмуд, проживает в Сараваке и является членом партии "Барисан Раайат Джати Саравак".
Родился в Мири, Малайзия, и живет в Сараваке, Абдул Таид Махмуд, является членом партии "Барисан Ра".
Оладипо Дия был предшественником Майка Акхигбе, преемником которого был Атику Абубакар. Абдулсалами Абубакар находился в должности, а Майк Акхигбе был вице-президентом.
Абдулсалами Абубакар служил в то время, когда Майк Акхигбе, которому предшествовал Оладипо Дия, был вице-президентом. Его сменил Олусегун Обасанджо.
Абдулсалами Абубакар, служивший в нигерийских ВВС, сменил Олусегуна Обасанджо, который в то же время находился на посту вице-президента Атику Абубакара.
Абель Кабальеро родился в Галисии, Испания, и работал министром транспорта.
Абель Кабальеро родился в Галисии, Испания. Он был в должности во время монарха Хуана Карлоса I правления Испании. Франсиско Франко был предшественником Карлоса.
Во второй мировой войне был Чанг Кай-шек в качестве командира и солдат армии Соединенных Штатов Абнер У. Сибаль.
Авраам А. Рибикофф когда-то работал в канцелярии министра здравоохранения, образования и социального обеспечения Соединенных Штатов и был женат на чикагском Кейси Рибикофф.
Adam Holloway, член оппозиционной партии Великобритании, родился в Кенте и окончил Магдаленский колледж, Кембридж.
Адам Коц воевал в боях в польско-советской войне и был награжден орденом Полония Ремента и Крестом Валасом для Польши.
Адам Коц, который родился в конгрессе в Польше, воевал в польской Советской войне, в которой Лев Троцкий был командиром.
Адонис Георгиадис родился в Афинах (Греция) и работал министром здравоохранения.
Родился в Западной Германии, Агнес Кант работал на Социалистической партии в Нидерландах, а ее альма-матер - Радбудский университет Ниймеген.
Агнес Кант; родился в Гессише Ольдендорфе, работал в палате представителей в Нидерландах, а ее альма-матер - Радбудский университет Ниймеген.
Национальность Агнес Кант - Нидерланды. Он работал в палате представителей там. Марк Рютте - лидер в Нидерландах.
Airey Neave, участвовавший в битве во Франции, был награжден орденом Британской империи и завершил карьеру 30 марта 1979 года.
Айри Неаве, участвовавший в битве во Франции, имел карьеру в период с 4 марта 1974 года по 30 марта 1979 года.
Airey Neave воевал во Второй мировой войне и был награжден Военным Крестом до окончания карьеры 30 марта 1979 года.
"Альберт Дженнингс Фонтан" родился на острове Статен, Соединенные Штаты, и умер в Нью-Мексико.
"Альфонс Горбаш" родился в городе Имст в графстве Тироль и умер в городе Грац.
"Имст", в округе Тироль, был родиной Альфонс Горбаха, скончавшегося в Граче.
Аллан Шиверс, работавший членом сената штата Техас из округа 4 (Порт-Артур), служил в Демократической партии в США, где его сменил Прайс Даниил.
Альве Сабин, который родился 23 октября 1793 года в Грузии, Вермонт, работал секретарем штата Вермонт.
Родился в Грузии, Вермонт, Альве Сабин, был членом партии "Уайт" США. Даниил Вебстер - лидер партии "Уайт" в США.
Авраам Линкольн был командиром американской Гражданской войны. Альфред Мур Скалес воевал в битве за "Фредериксбург" во время американской Гражданской войны.
Альфонс Горбахов родился в Австро-Венгрии и умер в Австрии, лидером которого является Дорис Бурес.
"Альфонс Горбаш" родился в Imst и умер в Австрии, где Дорис Бурес - лидер.
Роберт Е Ли был командиром американской Гражданской войны, когда проходила битва за "холодную гавань". Аарон S Daggett воевал в этой битве.
Адам Коц родом из Польши, где говорят польские, а там, где Кашуанов - этническая группа.
A.C. Cesena, в Serie B League, насчитывает 23900 членов и находится в Чезене.
Массимо Драго играл за клуб SSD Potenza Calcio и его собственным клубом была Calcio Catania. В настоящее время он управляет AC Cesena.
AC Lumeszane насчитывает 4150 членов и находится в лиге "Лега Про / А", где они играли в сезоне 2014 года.
A.D. Isidro Metapán is at Estadio Jorge Calero Suarez, чье полное имя - Исидро Метапан и имеет 10 000 членов.
Клуб "a.e Dimitra Efxeinoupolis" расположен в Греции, где есть лидеры "Никос Воперез" и Прокопис Павлопулос.
Менеджер A.F.C. Blackpool - Stuart Parker, который с Drogheda United F.C и играет за Runcorn F.C. Halton.
Менеджер A.F.C. Blackpool - Stuart Parker, который был в Drogheda United FC и когда-то играл за Stockport County FC.
"Stuart Parker" является членом компании "Ириам город Ф.К.", а также менеджером A.F.C. Blackpool и также представлял клуб "KV Mechelen".
AFC Fylde имеет полное название "Ассоциация футбольного клуба" Филлид ", у них 3180 членов и их земля расположена в Вартоне, Филлиде.
Christian Panucci, который был прикреплен к клубам "Генуи" и "Реал", управляет A.S. Livorno Calcio.
"Associatione Sportiva Roma S.p.A." - несокращенное название A.S. Roma, которое насчитывает 70634 члена и дом в Риме, Италия.
АЕК Афины F.C. земля в Афинах, у них 69618 членов и они соревнуются в Суперлиге Греции.
AFC Ajax ("любители") имеет 5000 членов, которые играют в Лиге Хоофдклассе и соревновались в сезоне 2014 года.
"АЗАЛ ПФК" играет свои домашние матчи на "AZAL Arena" и находится в азербайджанской премьер-лиге, чьи чемпионаты зовут Qarabag FK.
Almakar Zaanstreek - полное название АЗ "Алкмар", который играл в сезоне 2014 года и насчитывает 17023 члена.
Джон ван ден Бром управляет АЗ "Алкмар" и играет за Vitesse Arnhem и De Graafschap.
Argimiação Sportiva Araprivinasse играет на своей земле Эстадио муниципальная Coaracy da Mata Fonseca в Campeonato Brasileiro Série C лиги. Чемпионами этой лиги являются Vila Nova Futebol Clube.
Agrimiação Sportiva Araprivinesse играет в Кампеонато Брасилейро Série C лиги в Бразилии. Vila Nova Futebol Clube - чемпионы этой лиги.
ST Vincent-St Mary High School - площадка Акрон Встреча на высшем уровне, играющая в премьер-лиге развития, из которых "К-З Юнайтед" были чемпионами.
"K-W United FC" были чемпионами премьер-лиги "Премьер-Девелопмент", где также играют "Акрон".
Площадка А.С. Губбио 1910 года расположена в Италии, где Серхио Маттарелла является лидером итальянского народа.
Площадка для AEK Athens FC - олимпийский стадион (Афины) в Афинах, мэром которого является Джоргос Каминис.
Accademia di Projecttura di Mendrisio находится в Швейцарии. Ее декан - Марио Ботта, у него 600 студентов.
Acharya Institute of Technology находится в Бангалоре, Индия, и его девиз: "Воспитание мастерства".
Б.М. Редди - президент Ачарского технологического института, который находится в Бангалоре, Индия.
Acharya Insitute of Technology предлагает теннис и он был создан в 2000 году. Теннисным руководящим органом является Международная федерация тенниса.
AWH Engineering College находится в Индии. Мумбаи - крупнейший город Индии. Река Ганг проходит через Индию.
Лидером Румынии является премьер-министр Клаус Лоханнис. Университет "1 decembrie 1918" находится в Румынии.
1 decembrie 1918 University находится в Румынии. Ее латинское название - "Universitas Apulensis". Покровителем Румынии является Андрей апостол.
Школа бизнеса и социальных наук в Орхусском университете была создана в 1928 году. В его состав входят 737 научных сотрудников и 16 000 учащихся.
1634: Баварский кризис может быть расположен у него ISBN номер "978-1-4165-4253-7". Об этом пишет Virginia DeMarce и Eric Flint и была поставлена в печать.
Уроженец Бурбанка, штат Калифорния, Эрик Флинт написал 1634: Баварский кризис, которому предшествовал 1634 год: Балтийская война.
Эрик Флинт (Eric Flint) - автор 1634 года: Ram Restruction, который имеет 512 страниц и доступен как E-Book.
Книга "хардкор" 1634: "Ram Restruction" написал Эрик Флинт и имеет ISBN номер 1-4165-2060-0.
1634: Ram Restruction, написанный Эриком Флинтом, Вирджиния DeMarce. et al., составляет 512 страниц и может быть найден в виде книги Е.
ACM Translations on Information Systems, или ACM Trans. INF., является частью академической дисциплины компьютерных наук и имеет ISSN номер 1046-8188.
ACM Translations on Information Systems ISSN номер 1558-2868. Она является частью академической дисциплины компьютерных наук и аббревиатуры ACM Trans. INF.
Журнал "СПИД" был опубликован Lippincott Williams & Wilkins в Великобритании, где лидирует Елизавета II.
А.Т. Чарли Джонсон, проживающий в США, является редактором AIP Advances, который публикует Американский институт физики.
AIP Advances, или AIP Adv, имеет CODEN AAIDBI и редактируется A. T. Charlie Johnson.
Glastonbury Romance, который можно найти в твердости, имеет ISBN номер 0-7156-3648-0, а также OCLC номер 76798317.
Long Long Way (вслед за книгой The Secret Scripture) написан на английском языке, о котором говорят в Великобритании.
Loyal Charter Dancer был опубликован компанией "Сохо Пресс" в США, которая рассчитывает на афроамериканцев среди своих этнических групп.
Loyal Charter Dancer был опубликован компанией Soho Press в США, где Барак Обама является лидером.
"Северед Васп" можно найти в печати с OCLC номер 8805735 и Библиотекой Конгресса Классификации PS3523.E55 S4 1982.
"Северед Васп" имеет ISBN номер "0-374-26131-8", 388 страниц и можно найти в печати.
Diane Duane написал "Мастер Марса", который был опубликован в hardback и имеет OCLC номер 318875313.
Diane Duane написал "Мастер Марса", который опубликован в твердой обложке и имеет ISBN номер 978-0-15-204770-2.
Над "Велом", из Австралии, - третья книга в серии после Aenir и Castle.
Acta Matherica Hungarica, или Acta Math., имеет LCCN номер 83646315 и ISSN номер 1588-2632.
Номер "0236-5294" - "0236-5294", а аббревиатура - Acta Math. Она попадает под академическую дисциплину Мата.
Acta Palaenologica Polonica имеет ISSN номер 1732-2421 и LCCN номер 60040714. Сокращенное название - "Акта Палеонтол".
Зависимость представляет собой сокращенную версию журнала "Addiction Journal", которая имеет ISSN номер 0965-2140.
Aenir, написанный Garth Nix, выпускался в печати и имеет OCLC номер 45644811.
Aenir имеет ISBN номер "0-439-17684-0", он был написан Garth Nix и выпускался в печати.
Американский журнал "Математика", сокращенный в Am.J.Math, чья академическая дисциплина - математика, ISSN № 1080-6377.
Американский журнал "Математика" был впервые опубликован в 1878 году и известен также сокращенным названием Am. J. Math. Он имеет ISSN номер 1080-6377.
Independent Science Quarting (Admin. SCI. Q) публикует SAGE Publications, которая была основана Sara Miller McCune.
"СПИД" (журнал), опубликован Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, которые базируются в Соединенном Королевстве, где Дэвид Кэмерон является лидером.
"Крепость серого льда" родом из США, где Барак Обама является лидером, а афроамериканцы - одной из этнических групп.
В США английский язык - это язык, азиатские американцы - это этническая группа и книга Alcatraz против "злых библиотек".
С длиной взлетно-посадочной полосы протяженностью 1 121 м в американском аэропорту Абилене, штат Техас, в Соединенных Штатах.
Аэропорт «Адольфо Суарес» находится в городе Алькобендас, Испания, и эксплуатируется Мадридским центром ENAIRE.
Аэропорт "Адольфо Суарес Мадрид-Барайас" расположен в Мадриде, Паракуеллос-де-Джарама, Сан-Себастьян де лос Рейес и Алькобендас и эксплуатируется ENAIRE. Длина взлетно-посадочной полосы составляет 18R / 26L, а длина - 3500.
Аэропорт "Агра" находится в штате Уттар-Прадеш, который входит в состав Awadh и Bundelkard, расположен в 167,94 м над уровнем моря.
Аэропорт "Агра" расположен в штате Уттар-Прадеш (под руководством Рам Найк), который входит в состав Awadh и Bundelkard.
Авиабаза «Аль-Асад» эксплуатируется военно-воздушными силами Соединенных Штатов, которые совершили в 1986 году бомбардировки Ливии. Его авиационный истребитель - General Dynamics F-16 Bighting Falcon и Lockheed AC-130 можно найти на авианосцах USAF.
Авиабаза «Аль-Асад» эксплуатируется военно-воздушными силами Соединенных Штатов, которые участвовали в боях во время операции «Против свободы». Они разворачивают Lockheed AC-130 на своих авианосцах, а также используют бортовые истребители General Dynamics F-16 Bighting Falcon.
Al Asad Airbase эксплуатируется ВВС США, которые разворачивают Lockheed AC-130 как атакующий самолет и McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle в качестве истребителя. Они также воевали в боях операции "Энгельс Свобода".
Авиабаза «Аль-Асад» осуществляется военно-воздушными силами Соединенных Штатов, которые приняли участие в отмеченных боях во время вторжения в Гренаду. Они разворачивают боевые самолеты Lockheed AC-130 и General Dynamics F-16 Bighting Falcon в качестве истребительного истребителя.
Управление гражданской авиации Пакистана имеет штаб-квартиру в международном аэропорту «Джинна» и управляет международным аэропортом Аллама Икбал в Пенджабе, Пакистан, который возглавляет провинциальное собрание Пенджаб.
Региональный аэропорт "Алпена" обслуживает Alpena, Michain и находится в городе Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Мичуринск. Он имеет длину взлетно-посадочной полосы 1533,0 и составляет 210 метров над уровнем моря.
Город Амстердам обслуживается Амстердамским аэропортом "Схипхол", который составляет -3.3528 м над уровнем моря. В нем есть взлетно-посадочная полоса длиной в 2014,0 метра и 06 / 24, Каагбаан, - название взлетно-посадочной полосы.
Andrews County Airport, "Техас" - в США. Жители Техаса, Texans, говорят по-английски.
Аэропорт "Эндрюс" находится в Техасе, США, где говорят, что народ известен как Texans и spanish.
Andrews County Airport находится в штате Техас в США. В Техасе, столице - Остине и крупнейшем городе - Хьюстоне.
На высоте 159 метров над уровнем моря в Анголе находится международный аэропорт Анголы, входящий в штат Луанду (провинция Луанда).
Международный аэропорт Антверпена находится в ведении фламандского правительства, находящегося в собственности блокадного региона, на высоте 12 метров над уровнем моря, а длина взлетно-посадочной полосы составляет 600,0.
Appleton International Airport находится в Висконсине, где Appleton входит в состав "зеленых", маленький шют и служит Appleton.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) имеет 3-ю взлетно-посадочную полосу из Поакэ и находится в 34 метрах над уровнем моря. Название взлетно-посадочной полосы составляет 07 / 25 и имеет длину 518,0.
Аэропорт «Ардмор» в Новой Зеландии составляет 34 метра над уровнем моря и имеет 3-ю взлетно-посадочную полосу из Поацея. Длина взлетно-посадочной полосы составляет 03L / 21R и составляет 1411,0.
Международный аэропорт Ашхабада, расположенный в Ашхабаде, имеет взлетно-посадочную полосу длиной 2989,0 метра. Аэропорт находится под управлением авиакомпании "Туркменистан" и имеет высоту в 211 метров над уровнем моря.
Портовое управление Нью-Йорка и Нью-Джерси - операционная организация международного аэропорта Atlantic City, которая находится в 23 метрах над уровнем моря. Название взлетно-посадочной полосы - 4 / 22 и имеет длину 3048,0.
Эксплуатируется ENAIRE (Мадрид, Испания), в аэропорту "Адольфо Суарес Мадрид-Барайас" находится в Сан-Себастьяне де лос Рейес.
"Яйцо Харбор" находится в Нью-Джерси, в США и находится там, где расположен международный аэропорт Atlantic City. Этот аэропорт имеет длину взлетно-посадочной полосы 3048,0.
Poaceae, из класса "Monocotyledon" и порядка коммелиники относится к разделению цветущих растений и используется в качестве поверхности второй взлетно-посадочной полосы аэропорта Ардмор, Новая Зеландия.
Aaron Bertram выполняет роль панк-музыки и является художником с группой "Kids Imagine Nation", а также группой Suburban Legends, где Брайан Робертсон - тромбонист.
Психоделический сольный певец Аарон Дейр родом из Индианаполиса, Индиана.
Электроакустический музыкант Аарон Тернер находится в Lotus Eaters и был с Старым Человеком Gloom. Свою карьеру он начал в 1995 году.
Аарон Тернер играл с группой Twilight и теперь в Lotus Eaters. Он начал выступать в 1995 году в постметаллическом жанре.
Аарон Тернер начал выполнять пост-металлическую музыку в 1995 году. Он играл с группами "Сумерки" и "Старый человек".
Аарон Тернер сыграл на электрогитаре с "Сумерки". Они играют в "Черный металл", чей музыкальный сплав - "Death metal".
Певец Аарон Тернер - музыкант Black Metal, который выступает за Mamiffer. Metal Metal - музыкальный сплав Black Metal.
ACE Wilder родился 23 июля 1982 года в Стокгольме и является сольным певцом.
Агустин Барбоса, музыкальный сольный певец Guarnia, родился в Асунсьоне, Парагвай.
Al Anderson из группы NRBQ родилась в Windsor, Connecticut и начала свою карьеру в 1966 году. Ранее он был членом The Wildweeds.
Alan Frew - исполнитель рок-музыки, который возник из народной музыки. Bhangra - это часть жанра "фьюжн", частично пришедшего из Rock music, вместе с блюдом.
Сольный ритм и блюзовый певец Альбенни Джонс родился в США в 1914 году.
Альбенни Джонс - сольный певец, который сыграл ритм и блюз музыку. Этот музыкальный тип берет свое начало из блюзовой музыки. Диско-музыка приходит из ритма и блюзовых звуков.
Певец и поп-музыкант Александров Ковак родился в 1972 году, в Белграде.
Сербская эстрадная певица Александра Ковач родилась в Сербии в 1972 году.
Ритм и блюз исполнитель Александры Ковач родился в 1972 году в Белграде и является сольным певцом.
Alex Day, связанный с исполнителем Чарли Макдоннелем, играет с группой Chameleon Country. Он стал активным в 2006 году, и его специальность - электронная музыка.
Alex Day - сольный певец, использующий жанр стилистического происхождения synthpop, который является производным из домашней музыки, которая исходит от поп.
Народный музыкант Алисон О 'Доннелл начался в 1963 году и связан с "Юг" Weating и Mellow Candle.
Alison O 'Donnell, который исполняет джаз, когда-то был подписан на deram Records и еще одно время в Fruits de Mer Records. Лондон - родина deram Records.
Рок-музыкант Андерс Осборн работал с группой Galactic, а также с музыкальными художниками Tab Benoit и Billy Iuso.
Андерс Осборн, жанр которого - рок-музыка, ассоциируется с Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars. Он также ассоциируется с Tab Benoit и музыкальным художником Билли Иусо.
Музыканты Эндрю Райхель ассоциируются как с бобслеем, так и с Кристианом Бернсом. Андрей Райель исполнил жанр музыки Trance, который имеет свое стилистическое происхождение в поп-музыке.
Андрей Райель, начавший свою музыкальную карьеру в 2009 году, играет в транс-музыку. Он работал с Кристианом Бернсом и музыкальным художником Джонатаном Менделем.
Музыкальный жанр Andrew Rayel - Trance, который имеет свое стилистическое происхождение в поп-музыке. Он ассоциируется с музыкантом Jwaydan Moyine, который ассоциируется с музыкальным художником Джоном Digweed.
Эндрю Уайт - музыкант, который играет за группу Kaiser Chamber и подписывается на рекорд-лейбл Polydor Records. Он начал свою музыкальную карьеру в 2003 году и ассоциируется с музыкальным художником Марри Банилоу.
Агустин Барбоса умер в Асунсьоне, в районе Гран Асунсьон, в Парагвае, в стране под руководством Хуана Афара.
Andrew Rayel ассоциируется с такими художниками, как Армин ван Буурен, бобслеист, Марк Шестан, Джонатан Мендельсон, Кристиан Бернс (домовая музыка), Джвайдан, Александр Попов, Жано Иин и Александра Бадои.
Альфред Гарт Джонс родился в Манчестере, Большой Манчестер, Англия. Партия "Трудовая партия" находится в большинстве в Манчестере.
Альфредо Зитарроса умер в Монтевидео, городе, расположенном в Уругвае. Лидером Уругвая является Табаре Васкес, а люди, проживающие в стране, называются уругвайцами.
Алан Беан (из США) был членом экипажа НАСА "Аполлон-12" под командиром Дэвида Скотта.
Alan Shepard, который родился в Нью-Гэмпшире 18 ноября 1923 года, окончил в 1957 году степень магистра по специальности «М.А.» и вышел в отставку 1 августа 1974 года.
Американский испытатель Алан Шепард умер в Калифорнии и родился в Нью-Гэмпшире.
Алан Шепард был опытным летчиком, родившимся в Нью-Гэмпшире, который NASA выбрал в составе "Аполло-14".
Резервным пилотом "Аполло-12" был Альфред Уорден, а также часть "Аполло-12" - Алан Беан и командир Дэвид Скотт, все из которых были выбраны НАСА.
Buzz Aldrin - гражданин США, лидером которого является Джо Байден. Он родился в городе Глен-Ридж, округ Эссекс, штат Нью-Джерси.
Elliot See, выпускник Университета Техаса в Остине, родился в Далласе 23 июля 1927 года и умер в Сент-Луисе.
Elliot See присутствовал в университете Техаса в Остине. Он стал тестовым пилотом. Он умер в Сент-Луисе в 1966-02-м годах.
Elliot See присутствовал в Университете Техаса в Остине, который входит в систему Техасского университета. Он умер в Сент-Луисе, который входит в состав Королевства Франция.
Эллиот Прей родился 23 июля 1927 года в Далласе и умер в Сент-Луисе 28 февраля 1966 года.
Членами "Аполлона-8" были Buzz Aldrin, который был резервным пилотом, командир Фрэнк Борман и Уильям Андерс, вышедшие на пенсию 1 сентября 1969 года.
Абель Эрнандес принадлежит Абелю Эрнандесу и клубу "Пенарол". Он также играет за, Стив Брюс управлял, Hull City A.F.C.
Абель Эрнандес, который был членом молодежного клуба "Пеньаро", играет за клуб, США Città di "Палермо". Клуб управляется Джузеппе Иахини и сыграет в Серии А лиги.
Adam McQuade изначально был подготовлен к Columbus Blue Jackets из Columbus, Огайо. Он норов играет с "Бостон Брюинз", генеральным менеджером которого является Дон Швей.
Akeem Ayers родился 10 июля 1989 года. Он дебютировал за Tennessee Titans и привык играть за "Новые Английские патриоты".
Akeem Dent, который раньше играл за "Хьюстон Тексты", родился 27 сентября 1987 года в Атланте, Грузия.
"Алаа Абдул Захра" играет за Al Kharaitiyat SC, который находится в Аль-Хор и управляется Амар Осим. Клуб "Шабаб Аль-Ордон" ассоциируется с Алаа Абдул-Захрой.
Алан Мартин играл в футбол для Clyde F.C., менеджером которого является Барри Фергюсон. Алан Мартин также играл в футбол для Accrington Stanley F.C., которые имеют свою землю в Accrington.
Алан Мартин - футболист, который составляет 185,42 см в высоту и родился 1 января 1989 года. Он играет за "Гамильтон академик" и "Креве Александра".
Алан Мартин - член Motherwell FC, со своими площадками в Fir Park. Он также принадлежит клубу Clyde FC, управляемым Барри Фергюсоном.
Клуб "Александре Гурули" - ФК "Самтредия", играющий свои домашние игры на стадионе Erosi Manjgaladze. Господин Гурули также когда-то играл за ФК "Динамо" Батуми, которым руководит Леван Хомерики.
Жан-Мишель Аулас - председатель "Олимпик Лайоннаис", играющий свои домашние игры в Парке Олимпик Лайоннаис. Александре Гурули, чей клуб - "Олимпик Лайоннаис", привык играть за ФК "Карпаты Львов".
Алекс Планте, который играл за клуб Anyang Halla, родился 9 мая 1989 года в Брандоне, Манитоба.
Алекс Планте родился в Канаде, где гимн, О Канада. Елизавета II - лидер Канады, где чернокожие канадцы - одна из этнических групп.
Аарон Богаард родился в Канаде, национальный гимн которого называется O Canada и ее лидером является Елизавета II. "Слави" говорят в Канаде.
Алан Мартин - футболист клуба Clyde FC, но в настоящее время играет за Barrow A.F.C. Барри Фергюсон - менеджер Clyde F.C., играющий на стадионе "Бродвуд".
Александр Гурули - член ФК "Карпаты Львов", управлявший Олегом Лужным. Он также является членом ФК "Самтредия" со своими площадками на стадионе "Эроси Манджгаладзе".
Валерий Петраков является менеджером ФК "Торпедо", а его председателем является Александр Тукманов. Александр Чумаков играет за клуб, который провел сезон 2014-го в российской премьер-лиге.
Akeem Dent дебютировал с "Атлантой" в городе Атланта. Он играл до этого за "Хьюстон Тексты", которым владеет Боб Макнаир.
Аарон Хант играл за Бундеслигу "SV Werder Bremen". Сейчас он играет за клуб SV Werder Bremen II, где Виктор Скрипник является менеджером.
Кирилл Рамафоса - один из лидеров Южной Африки, столицей которого является Кейптаун. Адрес, 11 Diagonal Street находится в этой стране, а одна из этнических групп - азиатские южноафриканцы.
С столицей Кейптауна Южная Африка занимает 11-ю диагностическую улицу и имеет этнические группы азиатских южноафриканцев и белых южноафриканцев.
200 Public Square находится в городе Кливленд (Cuyahoga County), штат Огайо, который управляется Cleveland City Council.
Строительство начало в январе 2014 года, Postmodern art 250 Delaware Avenue имеет 12 этажей общей площадью 30843,8 квадратных метра.
300 North LaSalle находится в Чикаго, округ ДуПейдж, штат Иллинойс, США, где лидером является Сусана Мендоса.
3 "Арена" расположена в Дублине, Республика Ирландия, где Críona Ní Dhálaigh был лорд-мэром. Владелец 3Arena - Live Nation Entertainment.
Live Nation Entertainment владеет 3Arena, расположенной в Дублине, Республика Ирландия. "Лорд мэр Дублина" - Críona Ní Dhálaigh.
AC Hotel Bella Sky находится в Копенгагене, Дания, а арендатор из отеля - Marriott International. Он находится в отеле Bella Center, а в этом отеле имеется 23 этажа.
Арендатор AC Hotel Bella Sky Coperation - Marriott International. Отель имеет 23 этажа, был спроектирован компанией 3XN и принадлежит Bella Center.
Строительство началось в 1927 году и закончилось в 1931 году в Адишам-Холле в Шри-Ланке и находилось в стиле Тюдор и Джекобан.
Отель Adisham Hall расположен в Хапутале, Шри-Ланка, где находится столица Шри-Джаяварденепура Котте. "Тамила" - язык страны.
Строительство Adisham Hall в Шри-Ланке началось в 1927 году и закончилось в 1931 году. Он был построен в архитектурном стиле Tudor Revival.
Музей искусств "Акита" расположен в префектуре Акита, Акита, Япония. Одна из этнических групп Японии - филиппинцы.
Школа бизнеса "Мейсон" расположена в США, и они являются действующими арендаторами Alan B Miller Hall. Robert A.M. Stern - архитектор для Alan B. Miller Hall, который находится в Виргинии.
Отель Alan B. Miller Hall был завершен 1 июня 2009 года. Нынешние арендаторы - "Школа бизнеса Мейсон".
Нарендра Моди и Sumitra Mahajan являются лидерами в Индии, где Amdavad ni Gufa находится в Ахмадабаде.
Адрес для Amdavad ni Gufa - Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, возле университета CEPT, opp. Gujarat University, University Road, Гуджарат, Ахмедабад, Индия.
Amdavad ni Gufa находится в Ахмадабаде, Гуджарат, Индия. T S Thakur был индийским лидером.
Больница «Ампара» расположена в Восточной провинции Шри-Ланка, где валютой является лыжная рупия. Одним из лидеров Шри-Ланки является Ранил Викремесингхе.
В Сан-Франциско родился архитектор Юлия Морган, построившая множество важных зданий, включая Азиломарскую конференцию Grounds, Los Angeles Herald Examiner Building и Asilomar State Beach.
Родившаяся в Калифорнии Юлия Морган спроектировала такие здания, как здание Лос-Анджелеса Herald Examiner, а также музей-музей Риверсайд, а также архитектор по мотивам Asilomar Conference.
Asser Levy Public Baths находится в Нью-Йорке, США, которая является частью Манхэттена. "Нью-Йорк" входил в состав "Новой Нидерландов".
Архитектор Джон Мадин был дизайнером 103 Colmore Row, который находится в его родном городе Бирмингем. Трудовой политик Джон Кланси - лидер "Бирмингема", а в городе есть почтовый код "Б".
Аддис-Абеба, Эфиопия находится на стадионе в Аддис-Абебе и в Аддис-Абебской мэрии. Имя вождя в Эфиопии - Малату Тесдом.
Лидером США известен как президент, так и столица - Вашингтон. Один из лидеров страны, если Пол Райан и это местоположение 250 Delaware Avenue.
19255 1994 VK8 имеет массу 5,6 кгс, орибитовый период 8788850000, периапсис 615591000000, а также эпоха 31 декабря 2006 года.
(19255) 1994 VK8 имеет орбитальный период 8788850000,0 и периапсис 6155910000000,0. Ее эпоха - 31 декабря 2006 года, а скорость эвакуации - 0,0925 километров в секунду.
(66063) 1998 RO1 имеет эпохальную дату 2013-11-04 и орбитальный период 360,29 дня. Скорость его эвакуации составляет 0,0999 км / сек, и она имеет апофеоз 254989570.60815 километров.
66063 1998 RO1 имеет эпоху 4 ноября 2013 года. Это средняя температура 265,0 келвинов, и она имеет апофеоз 254989570.60815 километров. 360,29 дня - это орбитальный период этого небесного тела.
Эпоха 1001 Gaussia (ранее известная как 1923 OAA907 XC) - 31 июля 2016 года. Его обнаружил Сергей Белявский и имеет перипетии 419113394.55312 (километров).
101 Элен был обнаружен Джеймсом Крейгом Уотсоном, канадцем, 31 декабря 2006 года. Он умер в Мэдисоне, штат Висконсин.
1036 Ganymed был обнаружен Уолтером Баэйдом, который окончил Университет Готтингена. Он родился в Германии и умер в Готтингене.
"Вальтер Бэйд", который родился в Преубиске Ольдендорфе, обнаружил 1036 Ganymed. Учился в "университете Готтингена", а его докторская студентка - Халтон Арп.
Канадец Джеймс Крейг Уотсон, скончавшийся в Мэдисоне, Висконсин, был первооткрывателем 103 Hera, который имеет эпоху, датированную 27 августа 2011 года.
103 Гера был обнаружен Джеймсом Крейгом Уотсоном. Он был канадцем, который умер в Мэдисоне, Висконсин из перитонита.
107 Camilla была обнаружена E Wells и имеет эпоху с 31 декабря 2006 года. У него есть апофеоз 560937000,0 км и периапсис 479343000,0 километров.
N.R. Pogson родился в Ноттингеме и умер в Ченна.Он обнаружил 107 Camilla астероида 1 марта 2001 года.
1097 Vicia имеет массу 9,8 кгс и эпохальную дату - 13 января 2016 года. Он имеет орбитальный период в 135589000 и измерение перипета 279142000000,0.
1099 Figneria имеет массу 2,7 кг и орбитальный период 179942000,0. У него есть периапсис 349206000000,0 и эпоха 31 декабря 2006 года.
"Абилен" входит в состав Техаса в США. Вашингтон, О.К. - столица США и английский - это его официальный язык.
Альбина, Грузия, расположена внутри США, где жители называют американцев. Одна из этнических групп в США - афроамериканцы.
Альбани является частью Грузии, в Соединенных Штатах Америки, где говорят по-английски, а одна из этнических групп - выходцы из Азии.
Альбина - город в Орегоне, где столица - Салем. Альбина расположена в США, где есть этническая группа, которую называют афроамериканцами.
"Альбукерке" в Нью-Мексико имеет в общей сложности 490,9 кв. км и земельный участок площадью 486,2 кв. км. Плотность населения составляет 1142,3 человека на квадратный километр, а коды районов - 505 и 575.
"Амарльо" является частью округа Поттер, штат Техас, в Соединенных Штатах, столицей которого является Вашингтон, О.К.
"Анахайм", Калифорния в США возглавляет Калифорнийскую государственную ассамблею и является частью "оранжевой" области, которая входит в состав Большого Л.А.
Ангола является частью Плеханского городка в графстве Стеубен, штат Индиана, в США и составляет 16,55 квадратных километра.
Ангола находится в графстве Стейн, штат Индиана, и в США, где люди известны как американцы и также являются домом для коренных американцев.
Общая площадь Антиохии, штат Калифорния, составляет 75.324 кв. км и использует UTC, компенсированное -7. Общая численность населения составляет 102372 человека, а его площадь - 925 человек.
Attica является частью Logan Township, Fountain County in Indiana. Его площадь составляет 4,14 кв. км, а плотность населения - 783,1 жителя на 1 кв. км.
Attica входит в состав Logan Township, Fountain County, Indiana и имеет 783,1 жителя на каждый из 4,14 квадратных километров.
Плотность населения "Аттика", графство Фонтан, Индиана в США - 783,1 жителя на квадратный километр. Он имеет площадь 4,14 кв. км.
Auburn является частью округа Ли в Алабаме, который находится в Соединенных Штатах, где вы также можете найти асских американцев.
"Обь" находится в округе Пирс, штат Вашингтон в США Это общая площадь - 77,41 кв. км.
"Обь" находится в округе Пирс, штат Вашингтон в США Столица Соединенных Штатов - Вашингтон.
Washington DC - столица Соединенных Штатов, где предстоит найти Обь. Он входит в состав как королевского округа, так и округа Пирс в Вашингтоне.
Остин в Техасе имеет население 1296,65 человека на квадратный километр, земельный участок площадью 686 квадратных километров, общая площадь 703,95 квадратного километра и зональный код Остина (Техас) - 512.
Антиохия, Contra Costa County входит в район залива Сан-Франциско, на испанском языке, в Калифорнии.
"Андерсон" (США), находится в городе Адамс, штат Мэдисон, штат Индиана, столица которой - Индианаполис.
Индианаполис - столица Индианы, США. Anderson, Indiana является частью города Лафайет, штат Мэдисон, штат Индиана.
"Альбина" является частью графства Линн в Орегоне, США. Столица США - Вашингтон, а коренные американцы - среди этнических групп страны.
Коренные американцы - одна из этнических групп в Соединенных Штатах Америки. Столица которой, Вашингтон, О.К. Также в США находится "Акрон", который находится в рамках саммита "Встреча на высшем уровне", штат Огайо.
Люди, обитающие в Соединенных Штатах, известны как американцы и включают в себя этническую группу коренных американцев. Страна является местом расположения Альбани, города в городе Дугерти, штат Джорджия.
"Акрон" находится в США в графстве Саммит, штат Огайо. Жители страны известны как американцы и включают в себя этническую группу азиатских американцев.
Английский язык - это язык Соединенных Штатов, где азиатские американцы являются этнической группой и где находится Ангола, округ Стеубен, штат Индиана.
Палата представителей Соединенных Штатов является частью конгресса Соединенных Штатов и ведет Анахайм, штат Калифорния. Она расположена внутри США, где говорят на английском языке.
Тим Брук-Тейлор был звездой Bananaman, сериал "STV" впервые вышел в эфир 10 / 03 / 1983 и создан Стивом Светланом.
Дэн Мишкин и гражданин Пуэрто-Рико Эрни Колон создали комический персонаж Болта, у которого есть альтернативное имя Ларри Болатинский.
"Баймакс" - персонаж в Big Hero 6, что звезды Damon Wayans Jr. Персонаж был создан американцем Дункан Рулеу.
"Баймакс", персонаж в "Большом Hero 6", в ролях Джейми Чун, был создан Дунканом Рулеу, американцем.
Большой Hero 6 снимал майский Рудольф и персонаж "Баймакс", который создал американец Дункан Рулеу.
Хлеб, миндаль, чеснок, вода и оливковое масло - главные ингредиенты в Ajoblanco, продукты питания, которые поступают из Андалусии, в Испанию.
Вода - это ингредиент Ajoblanco, также известный как Ajo blanco, блюдо, которое поступает из Андалусии Испании.
Lemper, блюдо-вариатор "Арем-Арем" содержит листок Банана, в котором приготовлен сжатый рис с овощами или минно-мясными наполнителями и является формой Джаванской кухни.
Arem-arem - это еда, найденная по всей стране в Индонезии, но более специфическая для Java, она может служить главным курсом и иметь в нем банановый лист. Это основные ингредиенты - сжатый рис, приготовленный в банановой листочке с овощами или минно-мясными наполнителями.
Соус "Арраббиата" родом из района Рима в Италии. Она сделана с помидорами, красным чили, чесноком и оливковым маслом.
Arros Negre - традиционное блюдо из Каталонской области Испании. Основными ингредиентами Arros Negre являются белый рис, резьбины или кальмары, цефалоголовые чернила и кубанькие перцы.
Основными ингредиентами Arrtes Negre, которая родом из Испании, являются белый рис, резьбины или кальмары, цефалоголовые чернила, кубань и кубань перцы. Arrtus Negre - из Каталонской области.
"Arros Negre" - это траурное блюдо из "Валенсийского сообщества", Испания. В нем есть основные ингредиенты белого риса, вырезки или кальмаров, цефалопод чернил и огурцы стручковые перцы.
ASAM PEDAS найден в районе Суматра и малайзийского полуострова в Малайзии. Его также можно назвать "Asam padeh", а его ингредиенты - рыба, приготовленная в кислом и горячем соусе.
ASAM PEDAS - это еда, найденная в Малайзии и Суматре. Малайзийский малай является этнической группой в Малайзии, а в Суматре есть этническая группа, получившая название "Минангкабау".
Bacon Explorision родом из городского метро "Канзас" в США Основной ингредиент в нем - бекон, а также включает колбасу.
Bacon Explosion родом из США, где один из лидеров - Пол Райан. Именно там азиатские американцы - одна из этнических групп и Вашингтон, округ Колумбия - столица.
Бекон-бутерброд пользуется популярностью в Великобритании, имеет вариант, который называется BLT, включает в себя ингредиент бекон и иногда идет по имени: Бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон
Бекон-бутерброд - это блюдо из Соединенного Королевства и вариатор - BLT. В качестве ингредиента используется коричневый соус, и это разные названия: Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, сэндвич, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон
Из Соединенного Королевства основные ингредиенты бекона сэндвича - хлеб и бекон и концлагерь, часто кетчуп или коричневый соус. Он также может быть известен как бекон, бекон сарни, сыпчатый бутерброд, бекон Sanger, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон, бекон или бекон.
Запеченная Аляска имеет основные ингредиенты мерингов, мороженого и губчатого пирога (или рождественский пудинг). Он найден во Франции, США, Китае, Гонконге, Нью-Йорке и Париже.
Запеченная Аляска родом из Парижа, Нью-Йорка США или Гонконга. Meringue, мороженое, губчатый торт или рождественский пудинг - главные ингредиенты в запеченной Аляске.
"Хлебный тарт" пользуется популярностью в районе Дербышир-Далес, входящем в Дербышир. Это вариант пекинской пудры и использует франшизу.
Bakewell tart - вариатор Bakewell pudding, исходящий от Derbyshire Dales. Это десерт, который имеет основные ингредиенты наземного миндаля, варенья, сливочного масла и яиц.
Из Derbyshire Dales (в Дербышье), isBakewell pudding. Вариатор того, что, Bakewell tart, его основной ингредиент - короткометражная выпечка.
Bandeja paisa - колумбийское блюдо из региона Паиса. Его основные ингредиенты включают в себя красную фасоль, свинину, белый рис, грунтовое мясо, чихарон, жареное яйцо, плантан (патаконы), черный пудинг (морковь), авокадо и лимон.
"Батагор" - это индонезийская еда и вариатор сиомайского блюда. В нем содержится жареная рыбка с тофу и овощами в арахисовой суете.
"Батагор" найден в стране Индонезии. Это вариатор на Siomay или Shumai, последний из которых включает Shiitake.
"Говяжий квей" найден в странах Индонезии и Сингапура. Основные ингредиенты из говяжьего соуса, соевого соуса, соевого соуса, соевого соуса, соевого соуса, соевого соуса, соевого соуса, соевого соуса, соевого соуса, соевого соуса, соуса и кунжута.
Индонезийское блюдо Beef kway teow популярно по всей стране в Сингапуре и Индонезии. Его ингредиенты включают в себя kway teow, говядина вырезка, гула Мелака, нарезанная, сухая черная фасоль, чеснок, темный соевый соус, соевый соус, соевый соус, соевый соус, соевый соус.
"Говядина" - это блюдо, найденное в Индонезии и Сингапуре. Его основные ингредиенты - kway teow, говядина нежная вырезка, гула Мелака, нарезанная сушеная черная фасоль, чеснок, темный соевый соус, соевый соус, соевый соус, соевый соус, соевый соус, соевый соус.
Бхаджи родом из страны Индия и имеет Грам муку и овощи как свои основные ингредиенты. "Бхаджи" и «баджи» являются альтернативными названиями для Баджжи.
Баджжи родом из района Карнатака в Индии. Нарендра Моди - лидер в Индии, а Vajubhai Vala - тоже лидер.
Бхаджи родом из страны Индия в районе Карнатака, где лидеры - Сумитра Махаджан и Важухай Вала.
"Баджжи" находится в районе Карнатака; он родом из Индии. "TS Thakur" - лидер Индии, а Нарендра Моди - тоже лидер.
Бинигнев родом из Висайского района Филиппин. Ее основные ингредиенты - сладкое картофельное и кокосовое молоко.
Бионико - это еда, найденная в Гвадалахаре, Мексика. Сметаны, рубленые фрукты, сгущенные мило-гранолы, раковины и измельченные кокосовые изделия - главные ингредиенты в Bionico.
Бионико - это десерт, найденный в Мексике, лидером которого является Энрике Пена Ньето. Sandash - прекрасный кондитерский десерт.
Индонезийский язык - это язык, на котором говорят в Индонезии, Юсуф Калла - лидер в Индонезии, Баксо - это продовольствие, которое можно найти в Индонезии и также сделано в Китае.
Соус Amatriciana - традиционный соус в Италии. Страна, где Рим - столица, язык - итальянец и Лора Болдрини - лидер.
Пьетро Грассо и Серхио Маттарелла - лидеры Италии. Столица - Рим и Amatriciana sauce - это традиционный итальянский соус.
"Банюмасан" - этническая группа из Java, которая имеет в качестве одной из своих продуктов. "Айам пеньет" - это пищевое блюдо из Сингапура, где также говорят на английском языке.
Есть этническая группа из Java, регион Сингапур, который называется "Банюмасский народ". "Айам пеньет" - это блюдо из региона. Лидер "Халима Якоба", лидер, родом из Сингапура.
Замбоанганы - это группа на Филиппинах, а китайский филиппинец также является этнической группой на Филиппинах, язык на Филиппинах - филиппинский, Батчой едят на Филиппинах.
Arrtus Negre - традиционное блюдо из Испании, лидером которого является Фелипе VI и евро - ее валюта. Испанцы - этническая группа Испании.
В 1955 году Dodge изготовлен компанией Dodge и имеет двигатель V8, 3-ступенчатая автоматическая трансмиссия и колесная база в 120 дюймов.
В 1955 году Dodge, Chrysler Newport и DeСото Custom - это связанные с транспортом средства. "Desoto" - это производители DeСото Custom, преемником которого является ДеСото Фиредоме.
Длина корабля «СПИД» составляет 32,2, а длина - 252000,0 миллиметра. Он работает на базе Caterpillar Inc. и имел свой майский рейс 22 марта 2009 года.
AIRAstella - 253260,0 миллиметра и имеет пучок 32,2 метра. AIRAstella была построена компанией Meyer Werft и принадлежит Коста Крокере.
Costa Crociere - владелец AIDAstella длиной 25326,0 миллиметра. Он был построен Meyer Werft и эксплуатировался компанией AIDA Cruise Line.
"СПИД" был построен компанией Meyer Werft и составляет 253260,0 миллиметра. Она по-прежнему находится в эксплуатации и эксплуатируется компанией AIDA Cruise Line.
Американская компания "Локомотив" построила ALCO RS-3 и была выпущена в период с мая 1950 года по август 1956 года. Это длина - 17068,8 миллиметра, а у него есть двигатель V12.
AMC Matador также известен как American Motors Matador и собирается в Темзе, Новая Зеландия. Это стиль кузова - универсал, и он оснащен двигателем AMC V8.
AMC Matador - автомобиль среднего размера, известный также как American Motors Matador, и был собран в Темзе, Новая Зеландия с мотором AMC.
AMC Matador считается полноприводным автомобилем и имеет альтернативное название VAM Classic. Он собран в порту Мельбурн, штат Виктория и имеет двигатель AMC прямо-6.
AMC Matador имеет кузов универсал и оснащен двигателем AMC V8. Ее альтернативное название - VAM Classic, и она собрана в Темзе, Новая Зеландия.
Abarth 1000 GT Coupe представляет собой двухдверное купе с колесной базой 2160 миллиметров и содержит сразу четыре двигателя. Автомобиль последний раз выпускался в 1958 году.
Acura TLx собирается на автозаводе "Marysville", имеет переднюю конструкцию двигателя с двигателем Honda K и является роскошным транспортным средством.
Ледокол "ледокол" Алексея Чирикова был построен Артехим Хельсинкским судостроителем в Финляндии длиной 99,83 и кораблем дальнего света 21,2.
В сервисе ледокола Алексея Чирикова построили на Arctech Хельсинки Shipyard в Финляндии. Он имеет пучок корабля 21,2 м.
Финляндия построила Алексея Чирикова, ледокола, который имеет 21,2 корабля дальнего света и был изготовлен в Хельсинки. В настоящее время она работает.
Ледокол Алексея Чирикова был построен в Хельсинки, Финляндия. Лидерами страны являются Саули Ниинисто и Юха Сипила.
У Alfa Romeo 164, которая собрана в Италии и похожа на Saab 9000 и Lancia Thema, есть сразу четыре двигателя.
Alfa Romeo 164, собранная в Италии, имеет прямолинейный двигатель; Alfa Romeo 164 похожа на Fiat Croma и связана с Lancia Thema.
Американские моторы приобрели Chrysler. Она увенчалась успехом "Орле" и производит AMC Matador.
Американская подводная лодка NR-1 была запущена на "25 января 1969 года". Он имеет максимальную скорость в 8,34 км / ч, дальность корабля - 3,8 м, а длина - 45000,0 (миллиметров).
Yuznoye Design Office сделал Antares Rocket, который был запущен из среднеатлантического регионального Spaceport, совершил свой первый полет 21 апреля 2013 года и свой последний полет 28 октября следующего года.
Aston Martin V8 связан с Aston Martin DBS и Aston Martin Rham / 1. Aston Martin V8 имеет двигатель 5,3 литра и собран в Соединенном Королевстве.
Audi A1 собирается на Audi Brussels и имеет люксовый стиль кузова. Он имеет двигатель объемом 1,2 литра и 5-ступенчатую механическую трансмиссию.
Audi, принадлежащая Ducati, была основана августом Хорчем и включает Audi e-tron. Это делает Audi A1.
Владельцем "АИДАлуна" является компания "Росток" AIDA Cruises. "АИДАлуна" работает на базе Caterpillar Inc, которая была основана в Калифорнии.
Тип силовой установки "СПИД" - двигатель Caterpillar Inc. Caterpillar, Inc. была основана в Иллинойсе в США, а Дуглас Р Оберхельман - ключевой человек там.
Место запуска Delta II находилось на космодроме "Ванденберг AFB", расположенном на мысе Канаверал. Ракета Antares сопоставима с Delta 11, которая возникла в США.
Американский субмарин NR-1 имеет пучок корабля длиной 3,8 м и был построен компанией General Dynamics Electric Boat ("General Dynamics Electric Boat". General Dynamics - материнская компания General Dynamics Electric Boat Co, которая расположена в городе Гротон, штат Коннектикут.
"Нептун Верфт" построил "А-Роза Луна" и находится в Росток в Германии. Андреас Voßkuhle - лидер Германии.
ALV X-1 приехал из США. Столица страны - Вашингтон, округ Колумбия, и его национальный гимн - Star Spangled Banner. Белые американцы - этническая группа в США
Adams County, Пенсильвания имеет Carroll County, Мэриленд - на юго-востоке и в штате Пенсильвания - к северу от округа Адамс. 11 Mississippi Infantry Monument находится в городе Адамс в муниципалитете Геттисбург штата Пенсильвания.
11-й Mississippi Infantry Monument - это движимое имущество, расположенное в графстве Адамс, штат Пенсильвания, в штате Пенсильвания, на западе и в графстве Карролл, штат Мэриленд, на юго-востоке страны.
Баку, столица Азербайджана, является местом расположения турецкого мемориала, посвященного солдатам Османской армии, погибшим в битве за Баку. Мемориал был разработан Гусейном Бутунером и Хилми Гунером.
Баку - столица Азербайджана и лидер законодательной власти (Национальное собрание) - Артур Расизаде. Азербайджан - это расположение Баку-турецкого мемориала "Мемориала".
Красный гранитный и белый мраморный Баку турецких мучеников "Мемориал" посвящен османским солдатам-солдатам, погибшим в битве в Баку, и находится в Баку, Азербайджан, где лидером является Артур Расизаде.
Мемориальный "Мемориал" Баку "Мемориал", посвященный османским армейским солдатам, погибшим в битве за Баку, находится в Азербайджане, где официальным лидером (премьер-министром Азербайджана) назван Артур Расизаде.
Аарон S Daggett родился в штате Мэн и умер на Западе Roxbury. Он воевал в американской Гражданской войне и получил "Purple Heart".
Родился в Майе, Аарон С. Даггетт; воевал в битве с Вилдерсом, был награжден Purple Heart, а умер на Западе Roxbury.
AB Klink родился в Стеллендаме и окончил Лейденский университет. Он принадлежит к партии "Христианско-демократический призыв" и работал в качестве члена палаты представителей.
Абдул Тайб Махмуд родился в Мири, Малайзия, и он живет в Кушике. Его партия - Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu, и он представлял "Асайайя".
Абдул Тайб Махмуд, родившийся в Королевстве Саравак и проживавший в городе Демак Джайя, Джалан Бако, Кушик, Саравак, представлял Кота Самарахан и являлся членом Парти Песака Бумипутера Берсату.
Японка оккупировала британский Борнео - место рождения Адена Сатем, сменившего Абдула Тайба Махмуда. Абдул Тайб Махмуд проживает в Кушиче, а его партия - Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.
Аденан Сатем родился на японском оккупированном британском Борнео. Его преемником был Абдул Тайб Махмуд, который проживает в Сараваке и является членом партии "Барисан Ра" Джати Саравак ".
Родился в Испании, Абель Кабальеро находился в должности, в то время как Фелипе Гонсалес был премьер-министром. Это было и тогда, когда Хуан Карлос I из Испании, преемник Франсиско Франко, был монархом.
Абель Кабальеро; родился в Испании, принадлежит Испанской социалистической рабочей партии и работал в качестве члена конгресса депутатов.
Понтезон, Испания, является местом рождения Альбеля Кабальеро, члена Испанской социалистической рабочей партии, которая была министром транспорта.
Родился в Ridgewood, Queens, Abner W. Sibal был членом Республиканской партии США. Abner W. Sibal был членом Сената Коннектикута из 26-го округа и являлся предшественником Дональда Дж.
Предшественник Джона Н. Демпси Авраам А Рибикофф родился в США, работал в качестве министра здравоохранения, образования и социального обеспечения США и умер в Нью-Йорке.
Адам Холлоуэй, родившийся в Faverham, в Кент, Англия, служил в Grenadier Guards и участвовал в боях войны в Персидском заливе под командиром, Колин Пауэлл.
Полюс Адам Коц воевал в польской - Советской войне. Командиром той войны был Иосиф Сталин, а одним из языков, на котором говорят в Польше, является Кашубян.
Адам Кок - гражданин Польши, где используется язык польский. Он участвовал в боях польско-советской войны, во время которой Иосиф Сталин был командиром.
Адам Коц родился в Польше и воевал в польско-советской войне. "Лев Троцкий" был комментатором в этой войне.
Адам Коц, родившийся в Конгрессе Польши, участвовал в боях в польской - советской войне. Иосиф Сталин был командиром польско-советской войны, которая была конфликтной в рамках "Гражданской войны".
Адонис Георгиадис родился в Афинах, Греция и работал в министерстве экономики, развития и туризма Греции. Его сменил Макис Воридис.
Адонис Георгиадис, член греческой партии "Новая демократия" (цвет партии "синий"), находился в должности, пока Антонис Самарас был премьер-министром. Константинос Митзотакис был преемником Антониса Самараса.
Родился в Knightbridge, Airey Neave; начал свою карьеру 4 марта 1974 года, воевал в битве во Франции и завершил карьеру 30 марта 1979 года.
Airey Neave родился в городе Найтсбридж, Англия и воевал во Второй мировой войне. Свою карьеру он начал 30 июня 1953 года и завершил его 30 марта 1979 года.
Родился 22 сентября 1856 года, Альберт Б. Уайт умер в 1941-м, в Паркерсбурге, Западная Виргининия.
Staten Island (Нью-Йорк) - место рождения фонтана Альберта Дженнингса, скончавшегося в графстве Дона Ана, штат Нью-Мексико, Соединенные Штаты.
Alberto Teisaire, родившаяся 20 мая 1891 года, была "Реар адмиралом" из Мендосы, Аргентина. Ему предшествовал Исаак Рохас.
Alfons Gorbach родился в Австро-Венгрии, в Имсте и умер в Штирии, в Австрии.
Альфонс Горбахов родился в Австрии, Венгрии в штате Тироль. Он умер в городе Стариа в городе Грац.
Коннектикут родился Альфред Н Филлипс, служивший в армии США, воевал в битве под названием Whiskey Restruction. Позже он был членом Палаты представителей США от 4-го округа штата Коннектикут.
Allan Shivers родился в Луфкинском, Техас и служил в Демократической партии в США Он работал губернатором Техаса и преуспел, Прайс Даниил.
Самый крупный город в Вермонте - Burlington и Alvah Sabin представляли Vermont из-за того, что он принадлежит к партии Whig (США). Даниил Вебстер был лидером партии "Уайт" в США.
Алве Сабин был из Вермонта, где находится крупнейший город - Burlington. Он представлял 3-й конгресс штата Вермонт и в конце концов умер в Сыкашире (штат Иллинойс).
Родные американцы - этническая группа в США, где в Новой Британии, Коннектикут, Авраам А Рибикофф родился. Супруга президента США Авраама А. Рибикофф - Рут Рибикофф (Ruth Ribicoff).
Полное название A.C. Chievo Verona - Associatione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. и их домашняя площадка в Вероне, Италия держит 39371 болельщика. Клуб сыграл в сезоне 2014-го в Серии А.
Итальянка, родившая Роландо Маран, управляет Associatione Calcio Chievo Verona. Он также находится в клубе Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D., а также играет за Carrarese Calcio.
Michele Marcolini, менеджер A.C. Lumeszane, родился в Италии, владеет Torino F.C. И ассоциировался с Ф.К. Бари 1908 года.
Греция во главе с Алексисом Ципрасом и Никосом Вопересом - это местоположение А.Э. Димитра Эфксиноуполиса, где язык греет.
Полное название итальянского клуба AS Gubbio 1910 - "Associatione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl". Они играли в сезоне 2014 года и у них 5300 членов.
Название A.S. Gubbio 1910 - Associatione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl и они соревновались в сезоне 2014 года. Их земля называется Stadio Pietro Barbetti и у них 5300 членов.
Полное название A.S. Livorno Calcio - Livorno Calcio S.p.A. и их домашняя площадка - Стадио Армандо Пикчи. Они соревновались в Серии В в сезоне 2014-го и насчитывает 19238 членов.
Название "Roma" - ассоциация "Sportiva Roma S.p.A.". Их земля находится в Риме, а клуб играл в Серии А в 2014-м.
"AZAL PFK" проводит свои домашние матчи на AZAL Arena в Азербайджане и они соревнуются в азербайджанской премьер-лиге, где Qarabag FK - чемпионы.
AZAL PRK, известный как "Qabarag FK" в азербайджанской премьер-лиге, находится в AZAL Arena и насчитывает 3500 членов.
Джон ван ден Бром играет за AFC Ajax и Istanbulspor A.S. Он управляет АЗ "Алкмар", которым владеет Роберт Эенхоорн.
Agrimiação Sportiva Araprivinesse, которая имеет прозвище Аса Гиганте, играет в Кампеонато Брасилейро Série C лиги из Бразилии. Ранее лига была выиграна Vila Nova Futebol Clube.
Бразильская футбольная команда Agrimiação Sportiva Araprivense играет свой футбол в Campeonato Brasileiro Série C лиги. Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C - бразильская лига. В 2015 году Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. Vila Nova Futebol Clube были победителями в Campeonato Brasileiro Série C.
"В сезон PDL" сыграют 3000 членов "Акрон" на высшем уровне в рамках саммита "Акрон", "Акрон". Дензил Антонио был ранее их менеджером.
Группа «Акрон» на высшем уровне базируется в Акрон, штат Огайо, Соединенные Штаты. Они играют в "Единой лиге развития", которую завоевал K-W United FC.
Земля А.С. Губбио 1910 года расположена в Италии, где столица - Рим, лидером является Серхио Маттарелла и язык, на котором говорят итальянцы.
Столица Италии - Рим, а лидером - Pietro Grasso. На итальянском языке говорят в стране, где находится место базирования AS Gubbio 1910 года.
"Associatione Sportiva Roma S.p.A." - несокращенное имя А.С. Рома с их землей в Стадио Олимпико. A.s. Roma play in Serie A, чьи действующие чемпионы - "Ювентус" F.C.
Accademia di Projecttura di Mendrisio в Швейцарии имеет штат из 100 человек, декан - по имени Марио Ботта.
Accademia di Projecttura di Mendrisio была создана в Швейцарии в 1996 году. В него входят 600 студентов. Лидер Швейцарии - федеральный канцлер.
Accademia di Projecttura di Mendrisio (Dean - Mario Botta) была создана в 1996 году, имеет академический коллектив из 100 и находится в городе Мендрисио.
Acharya International of Technology имеет связь с Технологическим университетом Visvesvaraya (Belgaum) и получил статус "Технический лагерь" Всеиндийского совета по техническому образованию, который находится в Мумбаи.
Acharya Institute находится в Солдеванахалли, Ачарья д-р Сарвапалли Радхаркришнан Дорога, Хессаргетта Основная дорога, Бангалор - 560090, Индия. В нем насчитывается 700 аспирантов.
Acharya Institute of Technology (директор - д-р Г. П. Прабхукумар), расположен в Индии, был создан в 2000 году и связан с Технологическим университетом Висвесварайя.
Университет "1 decembrie 1918" расположен в Румынии (столица Бухарест). Лидером Румынии является Клаус-лоханнис, а этническая группа - немцы Румынии.
Школа деловых и социальных наук в Орхусском университете расположена в Дании и связана с Ассоциацией Европейского университета. Он был создан в 1928 году и насчитывает 737 академических сотрудников.
Школа бизнеса и социальных наук в Орхусском университете была создана в 1928 году в Дании. В нем есть академический коллектив 737 и студенческий корпус из 16000 человек.
1634: "Баварский кризис" предшествовал 1634 году: Балтийская война (автор: Дэвид Вебер) и следовавший по Кольскому огню II, написанный на английском языке.
1634: Ram Restruction была написана Вирджинией ДеМарсе и насчитывает 512 страниц. Она может быть найдена как "книга" и имеет ISBN номер 1-4165-2060-0.
Журнал "СПИД" опубликован Lippincott, Williams & Wilkins в Соединенном Королевстве. Столица страны - Лондон, и это лидер - Елизавета II.
"Крепость серого льда" была написана J. V. Jones и доступна в печати. Th book, который имеет ISBN номер 0-7653-0633-6. Он также имеет OCLC номер 51969173.
Опубликованная компанией "Викинг Пресс" ирландский роман A Long Long Way предшествовал Анни Данне и следом за "Секретным Писанием".
«Северед Васп» имеется в печати, а Библиотека Конгресса Классификация PS3523.E55 S4 1982. Его номер ISBN - 0-374-26131-8, а его OCLC номер 8805735.
На английском языке говорят в Великобритании и это язык, используемый в "А" "Северед Васп". Книга выходила из США, где афроамериканцы - этническая группа.
"Северед Васп" был опубликован в hardback и насчитывает 388 страниц. OCLC номер А "Северед Васп" - 8805735 и ISBN номер "0-374-26131-8".
Мастер Mars, написанный Diane Duane, доступен в твердости, имеет ISBN номер 978-0-15-204770-2 и OCLC номер 318875313.
Журнал "Addiction" касается темы Addiction и имеет LCCN номер 93645978. Сокращенное название - "Добавление" и номер ISSN - 1360-0443.
Cornell University in Ithaca, New York - издатель Executive Science Quarter. Университет связан с Ассоциацией американских университетов.
Книга "Alcatraz Versus the Evil" была написана на английском языке и родом из США, где столица - Вашингтон, а афроамериканцы - этническая группа.
"American Journal of Matherics" является аббревиатурой Am. J. Math. Он публикуется раз в два месяца и имеет ISSN номер 1080-6377.
Академическая дисциплина американского журнала "Математика" - математика, опубликованная в 1878 году.
Английский язык - это язык в Великобритании и США. Loyal Charter Dancer был опубликован компанией Soho Press в США.
Язык США и Великобритании - английский. В Соединенных Штатах есть этническая группа, которую называют азиатскими американцами, и именно в этом случае «А» является одной из стран, в которых была создана «Васп».
Alcatraz Versus the Evil библиотекари родом из США, где одна из этнических групп - коренные американцы. На английском языке говорят и в США, и в Великобритании.
В Великобритании премьер-министр Дэвид Кэмерон и королева - Елизавета II. Журнал "СПИД" был опубликован в Соединенном Королевстве компанией Lippincott, Williams & Wilkins.
Fortress of Grey Ice родом из США, где афроамериканец является этнической группой, а английский говорит как в Великобритании.
"Крепость серого льда" - из США. В этой стране есть этническая группа, которую называют азиатскими американцами, и они говорят на английском языке, как и в Великобритании.
Разорванный Wasp выходил из США, где лидером является Барак Обама. На английском языке говорят в США, где одна из этнических групп - афроамериканка.
С длиной взлетно-посадочной полосы 2194,0, Abilene региональный аэропорт обслуживает Абилиене, часть округа Джонс, штат Техас, в США.
Обслуживающий город Абилен в Техасе, - Abilene Regional Airport. Он имеет идентификатор местоположения ИКАО KABI и взлетно-посадочную полосу 17R / 35L. Аэропорт находится на высоте 546 м над уровнем моря и имеет длину взлетно-посадочной полосы 2194,0.
Аэропорт "Адольфо Суарес Мадрид-Барайас" эксплуатируется компанией ENAIRE, и его можно найти в Madrid.The Airport находится на высоте 610,0 метра над уровнем моря и имеет 4 349 километров длинной взлетно-посадочной полосы, название которой составляет 14L / 32R.
Аэропорт "Агра" находится в Уттар-Прадеш-Бундельке, это идентификатор местоположения ИКАО - VIAG. Лидер "Уттерар-Прадеш" - Рам Найк.
RAM Naik - лидер "Уттар-Прадеш", входящий в "Авад" и Bundelkard. Это расположение аэропорта "Агра", которое имеет родное название станции "Херия ВВС".
Авиабаза "Аль-Асад" эксплуатируется ВВС США. Некоторые ее самолеты включают в себя Boeing C-17 Globemaster III (транспортный самолет), General Dynamics F-16 Bighting Falcon (авиационный истребитель), и Lockheed AC-130, которые можно найти на авианосцах USAF. "USAF" участвовала в акции "Инвазия Панамы".
ВВС Соединенных Штатов воевали в Корейской войне. Это операционная организация для авиабазы "Аль-Асад". У него есть Boeing C-17 Globemaster III и дополнительно, Lockheed AC-130 можно найти на авианосцах USAF. McDonnell Douglas F - Eagle был истребителем ВВС США.
Транспортный самолет для ВВС США - Lockheed C-130 Hercules. А Lockheed AC-130 можно найти на авианосцах USAF. Как в Корейской войне, так и в Инвазии Гренда участвовали ВВС Соединенных Штатов, которые в настоящее время эксплуатируют авиабазу "Аль-Асад".
Invasions of Гренада и Панама в участии ВВС Соединенных Штатов, которые сейчас эксплуатируют авиабазу "Аль-Асад". Военно-воздушные силы имеют несколько типов самолетов типа Boeing C-17 Globemaster III и Lockheed AC-130, которые можно найти на авианосцах USAF.
Международный аэропорт «Аллама Икбал» расположен в Пенджабе, Пакистан. Управление гражданской авиации Пакистана регулирует международный аэропорт «Аллама Икбал». Страну возглавляет Анвар Захир Джамали.
Управление гражданской авиации Пакистана является оперативной организацией международного аэропорта «Аллама Икбал». Аэропорт обслуживает город Лахор, в Пакистане, где Шехбаз Шариф является лидером, Кроме того, в Пенджабе, Пакистан, находится международный аэропорт «Аллама Икбал».
Расположенный в Техасе, и обслуживающий Андреев, - Andrews County Airport. Аэропорт - 973,0 над уровнем моря, имеет взлетную длину 896, а взлетно-посадочную полосу с именем 11 / 29.
Andrews County Airport находится в Техасе в США, где испанский является одним из языков, на которых говорят. "Хьюстон" - крупнейший город в штате и его столица - Остин.
"Хьюстон" - крупнейший город в Техасе, где Остин - столица. Andrews County Airport находится в Техасе, а некоторые Texans могут говорить на испанском языке.
Международный аэропорт Анголы находится в городе Бенго (провинция Луанда). Аэропорт обслуживает Луанду и составляет 159 метров над уровнем моря.
Международный аэропорт Анголы расположен в городе Иколо е Бенго, Луанда, Ангола. Длина взлетно-посадочной полосы составляет 4000ft и составляет 159m a.s.l.
Фламандский департамент мобильности и общественных работ является оперативной организацией Антверпенского международного аэропорта, принадлежащего фламандскому региону. Аэропорт обслуживает город Антверпен, составляет 12,0 м над уровнем моря и имеет длину взлетно-посадочной полосы в 600,0.
Город Appleton обслуживает международный аэропорт Appleton, расположенный в 280 метрах над уровнем моря в Гринвилле, штат Висконсин. Взлетно-посадочная полоса в аэропорту - 3 / 21 и составляет 2439 в длину.
Город Appleton обслуживает международный аэропорт Appleton в Гринвилле (часть Менаша), графство Клейтон Виннебаго, Висконсин, Соединенные Штаты.
Аэропорт «Ардмор» в Новой Зеландии находится в ведении Управления гражданской авиации и составляет 34 метра над уровнем моря. Он имеет взлетно-посадочную полосу по имени 03R / 21L, которая составляет 1 411 длинных, а ее третья взлетно-посадочная полоса имеет поверхность Поакад.
Авиакомпания "Туркменистан" действует в Ашхабаде. Аэропорт находится на высоте 211 метров над уровнем моря, имеет длину взлетно-посадочной полосы 2989,0 и 12R / 30L - название взлетно-посадочной полосы.
Международный аэропорт "Atlantic City" имеет длину взлетно-посадочной полосы 1873 года и управляется портовым управлением Нью-Йорка и Нью-Джерси. Он расположен на расстоянии 23 м над уровнем моря, имеет название взлетно-посадочной полосы 4 / 22 и известен идентификатором местоположения ИКАО KACY.
Международный аэропорт Антверпена обслуживает город Антверпен, который является Бельгией. Двое из лидеров которых - Шарль Мишель и Филипп из Бельгии. В Бельгии один из языков - немецкий.
Международный аэропорт "Atlantic City" расположен в 23 метрах над уровнем моря и расположен в городе Эгг-Харбор, Атлантический округ, Нью-Джерси, Соединенные Штаты.
Протяженность взлетно-посадочной полосы в аэропорту "Адольфо Суарес", расположенном в Мадриде, часть общины Мадрида в Испании, составляет 3500,0. Аэропорт находится на высоте 610 метров над уровнем моря.
Аарон Бертрамвай - это ска-панк-музыкант, жанр, который возник из панк-рока. Он художник с Kids Imagine Nation, а также играет за Suburban Legends Band. Брайан Робертсон играет тромбон для Suburban Legends.
American Aaron Deer - Indie рок-музыкант из Индианы. Он имеет фон как сольный певец и входил в группу Wee Giant.
Аарон Тернер - электрический гитарист для жанра "черного металла", который выступал за "Дом низкой культуры" и Mamiffer. "Смертник" - музыкальный сплав черного металла.
Черный металлический музыкант Аарон Тернер, который играет на электрогитаре, входил в группы Twilight и "Греймашина". "Черный металл" имеет музыкальный сплав под названием Death metal.
Аарон Тернер родился в Массачусетсе и начал выступать в 1995 году. Ранее он играл с группой "Сумерки" и сейчас находится в Lotus Eaters. Он тесно связан с жанром шлама.
Музыкант Абрадаб родом из Катовице, Польша, и он начал выступать в 1994 году. Он играл с группой "Калибер 44" и ассоциируется с насильником Магиком.
ACE Wilder имеет музыкальный фон, как сольный певец родился 23 июля 1982 года в Швеции.
Агустин Барбоса родился в Асунсьоне, Парагвай, и он является этническим метисом. Испанский является официальным языком Парагвая, а Хуан Афара - лидером страны.
Диско проистекает из ритма и блюза, которые возникли из блюза. Ритм и блюз - музыкальный жанр Ахмета Эртегуна, скончавшегося в США, где афроамериканцы являются этнической группой.
Ahmet Ertegun - это ритм и блюзовый художник, фон которого не исполняет персонал, и родился в 1923 году в Вашингтоне, округ Колумбия, США.
Alan Frew, чей музыкальный жанр - Rock music, имеет фон как сольный певец. Рок-музыка возникла из загородной музыки и имеет свое стилистическое происхождение в "Барсе". Музыкальный сплав рок-музыки - музыка bhangra.
Alan Frew, который родом из Ньюмаркет, Онтарио, (Канада, родился в Коатмосте. Он музыкант и сольный певец.
Родился в Лондоне Bored of Havering, Alex Day, начал выступать в 2006 году. Он играет с группой Chameleon Country и выполняет электронную музыку. "Алекс день" ассоциируется с музыкальным художником Чарли Макдоннелем.
Альфред Гарт Джонс родился в Манчестере и умер в Сиднее, Лондон. Лидером Лондона является Европарламент, а лидером "Манчестер" является "Партия труда" (Великобритания).
"Альфредо Зитарроса" выполняет "Самбанскую музыку" и имеет фон в качестве сольного певца. Он был подписан на этикетке RCA Records и ассоциировался с музыкантами Киро Перес и Эктор Нума Мораес.
Алисон О 'Доннелл начал свою музыкальную карьеру в 1963 году. Она была членом Flibberbigbet и Mellow Candle Bands. Она - ирландский народный певец, подписавшийся на рекорд "Static Caravan".
Музыкальная карьера Андерса Осборна началась в 1989 году. Его жанр - ритм и блюз, и он ассоциируется с музыкальным художником Билли Иусо. Андерс Осборн также ассоциируется с группой Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars.
Андерс Осборн - рок-гитарист, связанный с Джонни Сансоне и подписавшийся на записи "Океан". Bhangra - музыкальный сплав рок-музыки.
Сольная певица, Андра, родилась в 1986 году, в Румынии. Андра - ритм и блюз певицы, чья оккупация поет.
Певица, Andra, в Câmpia, Turzii, в 1986 году. С карьерой в пении, Андра - сольный певец, который исполняет ритм и блюзовую музыку.
Андрей Райель, который родился в Кишиневе, Молдавии, начал свою карьеру в 2009 году, а его музыкальный жанр - транс-музыка. Он ассоциируется с Кристианом Бернсом и Армином ван Бурером.
Музыкант Эндрю Уайт является частью Kaiser Chamber и подписан на рекордный знак B-Unique Records и Polydor Records. Свою музыкальную карьеру он начал в 2003 году и ассоциировался с Марри Банилоу.
Andrew Rayel wad with translation conference, который ассоциируется с Армином ван Бурером, бобслеем, Марком Шестамом, Джонатаном Менделем, Жваром, Александра Попов, Джано, Александрой Тосун, Лира Йин и Александра Бадои.
Аллен Форрест - хип-хоп художник, который родился 4 февраля 1981 года. Хип-хоп-музыка возникла из диско и грибной музыки, а "Дружба и бас" приводит свои звуки из хип-хоп-музыки.
Агустин Барбоса родился в Асунсьоне, в Парагвае. Страна, которая имеет этническую группу под названием «метисы». Это также страна, где говорит испанский и который возглавляет Хуан Афара.
Лидером Парагвая называют Хуана Афара, а одна этническая группа - народ метисов. Агустин Барбоса родился в Парагвае и умер в Асунсьоне, часть города Гран Асунсьон.
"Аль-Андерсон" играет на гитаре в рок-музыке группы NRBQ. Рок-музыка возникла из загородной музыки, которая возникла из блюзовой музыки; музыкальная бхангра является частью жанра синтеза, частично исходящего от музыки Rock.
Аарон Тернер играет электрогитару и выступал с "Сумерки", "черной металлом", и Дом низкой культуры. "Черный металл" - элемент фугасного жанра смерти металла.
Альфредо Зитарроса умер в Монтевидео, Уругвай. Даниил Мартинес - политический лидер в Монтевидео, а Рауль Фернандо Сендич Родригес - лидер в Уругвае, где говорит испанский.
Альфредо Зитарроса умер в Монтевидео в Уругвае, лидером которого является Табаре Васкес. Еще один политик в Монтевидео - Даниил Мартинес. Уругвайцы живут в Уругвае.
Алан Беан был американцем, родившимся в Уилл, штат Техас. Он служил тестовым пилотом и стал членом экипажа "Аполло-12", который эксплуатировался НАСА.
Алан Шепард, родившийся в Нью-Гэмпшире 18 ноября 1923 года, окончил НЖД в 1957 году с М.А. Он умер в Калифорнии 21 июля 1998 года.
Алан Шепард, родившийся в Нью-Гэмпшире, умер в Калифорнии. После окончания "НВК", MA в 1957 году он служил тестовым пилотом.
Покойный Алан Шепард родился в Нью-Гэмпшире и выбрал НАСА в 1959 году членом экипажа "Аполло-14".
Alan Bean (родился в Wheeler, Техас) был членом экипажа "Аполло-12", управляемого НАСА, и находился в космосе 100305 минут. "Аполлон-12" командовал Дэвидом Скоттом, а Альфред Уорден был резервным пилотом.
Alan Shepard (родился 18 ноября 1923 года, Нью-Гэмпшир) был награжден медалью Военно-морского флота США, который выше, чем в Калифорнии.
Эллиот Престол родился в Далласе, а затем посещал Университет Техаса в Остине. Техасский университет в Остине связан с Университетом Техасской системы и соревнуется на Большой 12-й конференции. В настоящее время Григорий Л. Фенвес является президентом Университета.
Elliot See, выпускник Университета Техаса в Остине, скончался 28 февраля 1966 года в Сент-Луисе. Он родился в Далласе.
Эллиот Престол родился в Далласе, который является графом в Техасе. Он присутствовал в Техасском университете в Остине, который входит в систему Техасского университета. Университет Техаса в Остине станет частью конкурса "Большой 12".
Эллиот Престол родился в Далласе и учился в университете Техаса в Остине (входит в состав университета Техасской системы). Он умер в Сент-Луисе.
Уильям Андерс был членом экипажа "Аполло-8" (эксплуатируется НАСА) и ушел в отставку 1 сентября 1969 года. Фрэнк Борман был командиром "Аполлона-8", а Buzz Aldrin был резервным пилотом.
Akeem Dent дебютировал с "Атлантой" Falcons, которые играют в Атланте и владеют Артуром Бланком. Он привык играть в Хьюстоне за "Хьюстон Тексты".
"Алаа Абдул-Захра" играет за клуб "Шабаб Аль-Ордон" и AL Kharaitiyat SC. Al Kharaitiyat SC (домашняя площадка Al Khor) играет в Катаре "Звезда" и управляется Амар Осим.
Александр Чумаков, погибший в России, принадлежал ФК "Торпедо" и сборной СССР по футболу. ФК "Торпедо" руководит ФК "Торпедо", российским лидером.
Александр Прудников является соратником молодежной стороны ФК "Спартак". Он играет за футбольный клуб "Амкар" и "Терек Грозный", которым руководит Рашид Рахимов. Последний футбольный клуб находится в Грозном.
Alessio Romagnoli подключается к UC Sampdoria и играет за клуб А.С. Милана. AC "Милан", который находится в Серии А, управляется Синиша Михайлович и под председательством Сильвио Берлускони.
Alessio Romagnoli принадлежит A.C. Milan и играет за U.C. "Сампдория" и национальный футбольный чай в Италии. А "Милан" находится под управлением Синиша Михайловича и включает председателя Сильвио Берлускони.
Александр Прудников играл за молодежную команду ФК "Спартак", а позже - за ФК "Динамо". Он также был подписан Грозовым на базе ФК "Терек Грозный", которым руководит Рашид Рахимов.
В число бывших клубов "Акеем Адамс" входят United Petrotrin FC, которые играют в Palo Seco, и Ferencvarosi TC, где Томас Долль является менеджером, а Габор Кубатов - председателем.
Бывшей командой Akeem Ayers стал "Лос-Анджелес Рамс", который базируется в Лос-Анджелесе и играет свои домашние матчи в Лос-Анджелесе "Мемориала Колизея". Его дебютной командой были теннисистки Tennessee Titans, которых курирует Майк Муларключ.
20 "Фенцерковная улица" расположена внутри Соединенного Королевства, где Лондон - столица, а валюта - фунты стерлингов. Борис Джонсон - лидер в Лондоне, а один из лидеров Соединенного Королевства - Елизавета II.
250 Delaware Avenue был построен в Буффало Нью-Йорке по цене 110 миллионов долларов. Строительство началось в январе 2014 года, а здание имеет 12 этажей площадью 30843,8 квадратных метра.
Рахм Эмануэле - лидер "Чикаго", графство DuPage, штат Иллинойс, Соединенные Штаты, которое является местом расположения здания на уровне 300 северян, имеющих 60 этажей.
3Arena (принадлежит Live Nation Entertainment) находится в Дублине, Республика Ирландия. Dáil Eireann - лидер в Дублине, который входит в состав Leinster.
Adisham Hall в Шри-Ланке был построен в период с 1927 по 1931 год в Свято-Бенедиктовском монастыре, Адисхам, Хапутхале, Шри-Ланка в стиле Тудор и Джекобан.
Adisham Hall находится в Хапутале, Шри-Ланка. Столица Шри-Ланки - Шри Джаяварденепура Котте, язык, используемый в стране, - тамильский язык, а валюта - шри-ланкийская рупия.
Ranil Wickremesinghe - лидер Шри-Ланки, где столица - Шри-Джаяварденепура Котте и валюта - шри-ланкийская рупия. Adisham Hall находится в стране на "Хапутале".
Главной этнической группой в Японии являются японцы, а лидером - "Tarpress Ascress". Музей искусств "Акита" находится в Акита, Акита, которая входит в состав Японии и префектуры Акита.
Amdavad ni Gufa находится в Гуджарате, Ахмедабад, Индия. Лидер "Гуджарата" известен как Законодательное собрание Гуджарата, а лидер Индии - Нарендра Моди.
Amdavad ni Gufa находится в Ахмадабаде, Гуджарат, Индия; возглавляет Законодательное собрание Гуджарата, в том числе лидер Т "Такур".
476-я больница «Ампара» расположена в штате Восточная провинция Шри-Ланка, где лидером является Остин Фернандо. Лидером страны является Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Julia Morgan, которая родилась в Калифорнии, разработала Asilomar Conference Grounds, здание "Лос-Анджелес Геральд", The Riverside Art Musuem и Hearst Castle.
Asilomar Conference Grounds была спроектирована Юлией Морган (родилась в Калифорнии), которая известна рядом зданий, в том числе Hearst Castle и The Riverside Art Museum, и ее работа в городе Сан-Франциско.
Asilomar Conference Grounds были построены в 1913 году. Они расположены в Тихом океане, Калифорния, и они были добавлены в Национальный регистр исторических мест 27 февраля 1987 года (с исходным номером 87000823). Основания - в архитектурном стиле "Движение искусств и ремесел".
Asser Levy Public Baths, построенный в 1904 году в стиле Romaneque Revival, находится на 23-й улице (Манхэттен). Сайт был добавлен в Национальный реестр исторических мест на 1980-04-23-й, с эталоном номер 80002709.
Asser Levy Public Baths найдены в Нью-Йорке, Нью-Йорке, США. Еще одна часть Нью-Йорка - Манхэттен, где лидирует Gale Brewer.
103 Colmore Row был спроектирован архитектором Джоном Мадином, который родился в Бирмингеме, где почтовый код - "Б". Андрей Митчелл - лидер городского и Бирмингемского городского совета - руководящий орган.
Hailemariam Desalegn и Mulatu Teshome являются лидерами в Эфиопии. "Аддис-Абебский стадион" и Аддис-Абебская мэрия расположены в пределах страны в Аддис-Абебе.
Президент является главным лидером по английскому языку, говорящим в Соединенных Штатах (включая лидера Джона Робертса), имеет этническую африканскую группу и проживает в районе 250 Делавэр-авеню.
Джо Байден - лидер Соединенных Штатов, который возглавляет президент. "Белые американцы" - одна из этнических групп страны, которая использует английский язык и находится там, где находится 250 Delaware Avenue.
Небесное тело, известное как (66063) 1998 RO1, которое имеет эпоху 13 января 2016 года, ранее называлось 1999 SN5 и имеет орбитальный период 360,29 дня. Измерение апофеза - 254989570.60815 км, а скорость эвакуации - 0,0999 км / сек.
Небесное тело, известное как (66391) 1999 KW4, имеет эпохальную дату 14 июля 2004 года и скорость выхода в ноль. Он имеет плотность 2 гмы на см, орбитальный период 16244700 и апофеоз 162164091,8388 км.
Джеймс Крейг Уотсон, обнаруживший 101 Элен 15 августа 1868 года, является гражданином Канады, который посещал Мичиганский университет. Он умер в Мэдисоне, штат Висконсин.
101 Элен был обнаружен Джеймсом Крейгом Уотсоном, канадцем, чей Альма-матер является Мичиганским университетом. Он умер от перитонита в Мэдисоне, штат Висконсин.
Вальтер Баэйд родился в Германской империи, умер в Западной Германии и обнаружил 1036 Ganymed. Его "Алма-матер" был Университет Готтингена, а Аллан Сандаш был Его докторской ученицей.
"Халтон Арп" и "Аллан Сандаш" были докторскими студентами Уолтера Баада, первооткрывателя 1036 Ganymed. Баэйд родился в Германской империи и окончил Университет Готтингена.
107 Камилла, которая имеет эпоху 31 декабря 2006 года, была обнаружена F Vilas и имеет орбитальный период 2368,05 дня. Измерения апофеза и периаписа - 560937000,0 км и 479343000,0 км соответственно.
107 Камилла была обнаружена 17 ноября 1868 года Н.Р. Погсоном, английским гражданином, который родился в Ноттингеме и умер в Ченнаи.
Эпоха 1089 Тама (чье прежнее название было (A919 HA; 1927 WB) - 2005-11-26. Скорость эвакуации 1089 Tama составляет 0,0068 км / сек, имеет орбитальный период 1202,846 дня и апофеоз 373513000,0 (километров).
Эпоха 1097 Vicia - 2006.12.31. 1097 Vicia имеет скорость эвакуации 0,0112 км / сек, масса 9,8 кгс, орбитальный период 135589000,0, а также апофеоз 511592000,0 км.
Площадь поверхности астероида 10 «гигиена» составляет 837,080,744 кв. км, при этом его температура составляет 164 градуса Кельвина. Астероид имеет эпохальную дату 27 июня, скорость эвакуации 0,21 километра в секунду и апофеоз в размере 523 951 582,3968 километров.
Abilene, Техас лежит 524,0 над уровнем моря и имеет код района 325 и плотность населения 429,9 жителя на 1 кв. км. Он имеет общую площадь 286,5 кв. км, из которых 14,2 кв. км - это вода.
Абилен является частью Техаса, где столица - Остин и крупнейший город - Хьюстон. Одним из языков, на котором говорят в Техасе, который является частью Соединенных Штатов, является испанский.
Английский язык - это язык Соединенных Штатов, где азиатские американцы - это этническая группа и где жители относятся к американцам. В США проживает Альбина, которая находится в штате Джорджия.
"Альбукерке" в Нью-Мексико имеет общую площадь 490,9 кв. км, из которых 486,2 - земля. Плотность населения составляет 1142,3 человека на квадратный километр. Коды района для Альбукерки - 505 и 575.
"Анахайм" возглавляет Том Таит вместе с Объединенной палатой представителей, расположенной в Капитолии США. Город расположен в Калифорнии, где говорят на испанском языке.
Андерсон в США возглавляет Демократическую партию США, у которой есть свой штаб в Вашингтоне. Андерсон расположена в Индиане, где государственная столица - Индианаполис.
"Андерсон", Indiana - 268,0 выше уровня моря, имеет код района 765 и плотность населения в 523,9 жителя на каждый из своих 107,43 квадратных километров.
Калифорния, где некоторые части говорят по-китайски, проживает в Антиохии, которая охватывает 75.324 кв. км Contra Contra в районе Сан-Франциско.
Attica, Indiana находится в графстве Фонтан, штат Индиана, США, где столица - Вашингтон. "Ковингтон" - это графство Countain County.
Auburn является частью округа Ли, штат Алабама, в Соединенных Штатах, столицей которого является Вашингтон, округ Колумбия, и где азиатские американцы являются этнической группой.
Opelika - усадьба округа Ли, штат Алабама, США. Auburn - это часть округа Ли. Афроамериканцы - этническая группа внутри Соединенных Штатов.
Austin is in Williamson County Texas, где Джорджтаун является окружным сиденьем и Round Rock - это крупнейший город и spanish.
"Остин" является частью округа Уильямсон в Техасе, в котором находится округ Джорджтаун. Самый крупный город в Техасе, использующий испанский язык, - Хьюстон.
"Александрия" входит в штат Мэдисон, штат Индиана, в США Андерсон - самый большой город в этом округе. Столица Индианы - Индианаполис.
Местом расположения округа Таррант является Форт-Ворт, штат Техас, где говорят на английском языке. "Арлингтон" является частью округа Таррант и крупнейшим городом штата - Хьюстон.
Арлингтон, округ Таррант, находится в Техасе, где самый крупный город - Форт-Уорд. Остин - столица Техаса, но Хьюстон - крупнейший город.
"Арлингтон" является частью округа Таррант в штате Техас в США Остин - столица в этом штате и Хьюстон - это самый большой город.
Жители США известны как американцы и включают в себя этническую группу азиатских американцев. Страна является местом расположения Альбани, который возглавляется мэром и расположен в округе Дугерти в Грузии.
Альбина - город в графстве Линн, штат Орегон в США. Столица страны - Вашингтон, округ Колумбия и его жители называют американцев. Афроамериканцы - этническая группа внутри Соединенных Штатов.
"Акрон", округ Встреча на высшем уровне, штат Огайо, находится в Соединенных Штатах. Столица США - Вашингтон, округ Колумбия, и его народ известен как американцы. Коренные американцы - одна этническая группа в этой стране.
Жители США известны как американцы и включают в себя этническую группу афроамериканцев. Страна возглавляется президентом и является местом расположения Анголы, являющегося частью округа Стеубен, штат Индиана.
Соединенные Штаты используют английский язык, имеет столицу Вашингтона, и в ее состав входят азиатские американцы среди своих этнических групп. Город Альбина находится внутри страны и входит в состав Benton County в Орегоне.
Азиатские американцы - этническая группа в США, где столица - Вашингтон DC и английский - это разговорный язык. Страна - это расположение Альбина в Орегоне.
Auburn, Alabama, входит в состав Lee County, которая имеет Opelika как место округа. "Обь" находится в США, где коренные американцы - этническая группа.
"Альбукерке" в Нью-Мексико, США возглавляет городской совет "Альбукерке" и английский - официальный язык. Лидер США - Барак Обама и коренные американцы - одна из этнических групп в стране.
Английский язык - это язык, на котором говорят в Соединенных Штатах, где жители известны как американцы и включают в себя этническую группу коренных американцев. Страна - это расположение Анголы, города в Индиане.
Альбина, Грузия найдена в США, где лидером является президент, азиатские американцы - этническая группа и куда жители относятся как к американцам.
Сиэтл - крупнейший город Вашингтона и "Олимпия" - столица. Также находится в штате Обь, часть King County.
Bananaman был показан на Би-би-си, сначала в эфир 3 октября 1983 года, а окончательный эфир - 15 апреля 1986 года. Он был создан Джоном Гейзером и звездным Тимом Бруком Тейлором.
"Баймакс" - персонаж из фильма "Большой Герой 6" в исполнении Скотта Адсида. Он был создан Steven T Seagle и американцем Дункан Рулеу.
Из Андалусии, Испании, Аджобланко сделаны хлеб, миндаль, чеснок, вода и оливковое масло. Ajo blanco - альтернативное название Ajoblanco.
Помидоры, помидоры, сыр и оливковое масло - главные ингредиенты в традиционном соусе Аматриче, который родом из региона Лацио и можно найти в итальянской трапезе.
Arem-arem, Javanese блюдо, обычно служит в Индонезии, где лидером является Джоко Видодо. Также там, где валюта - индонезийская рупия и где индонезийский язык - это язык, на котором говорят.
Серхио Маттарелла - лидер в Италии, стране, где Рим - столица, и и народ, и язык говорят итальянцы. Соус "Арраббиата" можно найти в Италии.
Ximo Puig - лидер Valencian Community, откуда родом Аррос Негре. Это традиционное блюдо из Испании, где народ называют испанцами, а лидером - Фелипе VI Испании.
ASAM PEDAS - это еда, найденная на Малом полуострове Малайзии, столицей которой является Куала-Лумпур, и включает малайзийских и малайзийских индейцев.
Малайзийские индейцы и малайзийцы - две из этнических групп в Малайзии, где Арифин Закария является лидером. ASAM PEDAS находится в Малайзии и находится в районе малайского полуострова.
"Айам пеньет" - это Javanese блюдо, сделанное по всей стране, а также можно найти в Малайзии и Сингапуре. Он должен быть горячим и содержит основные ингредиенты выжженной или разбитой жареной курицы, обслуживаемой с Sambal.
Малайзийские китайцы - этническая группа из Малайзии и Айам Пеньет - оттуда. Айам Пеньет также из Индонезии и содержит жареную курицу, а также "выжженную" или "разбитую" курицу, служившую с Самбалом.
Малайзийская китаянка - этническая группа из Малайзии, где находится Айам Пеньет. "Айам Пеньет" также можно найти в Индонезии, и в нем содержится жареная курица.
Bacon Explosion родом из США. Президентом США является Барак Обама, а столица - в Вашингтоне, округ Колумбия. Английский язык - это язык США, а белые американцы - основная этническая группа.
"Бекон" - это блюдо из США, где Джо Байден - лидер и столица - Вашингтон. Английский язык - это язык, на котором говорят американские и азиатские американцы - этническая группа там.
Запеченный Аляска родом из Франции, где национальный язык - французский и один из лидеров - Джерард Ларше. Десерт подают в Гонконге так же хорошо, где лидер - Карри Лам.
Bandeja paisa - типичная колумбийская кухня, которая поступает из региона Паиса и содержит лимон. Лимон принадлежит семье Рутай и ордену Росиды.
Barny Cakes, которые сделаны из губчатого пирога, родом из Франции, где Джерард Ларше и Клод Бартолоне - лидеры и французы - это язык, на котором говорят.
Созданный компанией Mondelez International (основана в Чикаго), Барни Кейт родом из Франции, где Джерард Ларше является лидером и они говорят по-французски.
Индейцы пользуются блюдом бхаджи, родом из района Карнатака в Индии. Эту нацию возглавляет Т.С. Тхакур и Сумитра Махаджан.
"Бинигнев" - это десерт из Висайского района Филиппин. В нем содержится сладкая картошка и банан.
Энрике Пена Ньето - лидер Мексики, где они говорят на испанском языке и едят бионико, ароматизированные медом, на десерт.
"Бионико" - это блюдо, найденное в Мексике, где говорит испанский, а лидер - Сильвано Ауреолес Конехо. Bionico - это блюдо, подаваемое на десерт, и cookie может служить в качестве десерта.
Мед можно использовать в качестве вариатора в блюдо Bionico, который подается на десерт. Он найден в Гвадалахаре, Мексика, где Сильвано Ауреолес Конехо является лидером.
Джоко Видодо - лидер Индонезии, чья столица - Джакарта, а ее язык - индонезийский. Баксо родом из Индонезии и пользуется популярностью в странах Юго-Восточной Азии.
"Баксо" - это еда, найденная в Индонезии, где столица - Джакарта, а лидеры - Юсуф Калла и Джоко Видодо.
Столица Италии - Рим и есть там, где итальянцы из и Аматриче - это традиционный соус. Лидерами являются Лаура Болдрини и Пьетро Грассо.
На английском языке говорят в Сингапуре, где лидером является Халима Яакоб. "Айам пеньет" - из Сингапурского региона Ява, где банюмасский народ является этнической группой.
Халима Ячоб возглавляет Сингапур, где говорят Standard Chinese, и где находится "Айам пеньет". Это блюдо - это еда, найденная в Java; одна из этнических групп есть народ Банюмасан.
Филиппины - это страна, из которой исходит блюдо. Коренные народы - это этнические группы из Филиппин, где языки говорят на арабском языке и на Филиппинском языке.
По всей стране в Индонезии и Сингапуре, Beef kway teow - это блюдо, которое поступает из Сингапура, где говорит английский. Это также там, где двое из лидеров - Халима Якоба и Тони Тан.
Ajoblanco - это испанское блюдо, которое берет Андалусия, где лидером является Сусана Диас. Фелипе VI - лидер Испании, где люди, которые там живут, называются испанцами.
Ajoblanco - это блюдо из Испании, где валютой является евро, лидером является Фелипе VI, язык говорящий - испанский, а люди, которые там живут, называются испанцами.
AIDAstella была построена компанией Meyer Werft и управляется компанией AIDA Cruise Line. AIRAstella имеет луч 32,2 м, составляет 253260,0 миллиметра в длину и имеет пучок 32,2 м.
ALCO RS-3, произведенная в период с мая 1950 года по август 1956 года американской компанией "Локомотив", имеет 12 цилиндров и двигатель V12, а длина - 17068,8 миллиметра.
AMC Matador (также известный как American Motors Matador) собран в Темзе, Новая Зеландия. Он классифицирован как автомобиль среднего размера, в нем есть кузов типа вагона и двигатель Mercedes-AMC V8.
"П & О" владеет "Альхамброй", имеющей двигатель Humphrys, Tennant и Dykes, и составляет 63800,0 миллиметра. "Альгамбра" была сделана компанией "Самуда Братьев".
Ракета "Антарес" составляет 3,9 метра в диаметре и производится компанией "Южное конструкторское бюро". Ее стартовой площадкой стал среднеатлантический региональный Spaceport Launch Pad 0. Ракета Antares совершила свой первый полет 28 октября 2014 года и свой окончательный полет 18 сентября 2013 года.
Ракета "Антарес" производится в конструкторском бюро "Южное" и была запущена из Среднеатлантического регионального Spaceport. Она сопоставима с американской Delta II, которая была запущена на базе ВВС Ванденберг.
Ariane 5 совершил свой первый рейс 11 августа 2005 года и свой последний рейс 18 декабря 2009 года. Он был изготовлен Airbus Defense and Space и запущен из Гвианского космического центра. Его диаметр составляет 5,4 метра.
Полет "Ariane 5" был совершен 2 марта 2004 года, а последний полет - 27 сентября 2003 года. Оно было сделано Европейским космическим агентством и вывезено с ELA-3. Он составляет 5,4 м в диаметре.
Aston Martin V8 собран в Соединенном Королевстве, Aston Mastin DBS - производитель Aston Martin.
Из Соединенных Штатов Atlas II (диаметр 3,04 м) был отправлен из базы ВВС Ванденберг и Spaceport France Launch Collection 36. 16 марта 1998 года вышел в финал.
Audi A1 hatchback - автомобиль SuperMini, сделанный в Брюсселе, Бельгия. Он содержит 1,2 л переднего двигателя с компоновкой переднего колеса.
Douglas R. Oberhelman - ключевой человек в Caterpillar Inc, который был основан в США и расположен в Иллинойсе. Компания обеспечивает мощность двигателя AIDAluna, принадлежащей AIDA Cruises.
Carnival Corporation & plc - материнская компания Costa Crociere in Genoa, которая владеет AIDAstella. AIDAstella была построена компанией Meyer Werft и управляется AIDA Cruises.
Ракета Minotaur IV и ракета "Антарес" были запущены из среднеатлантического регионального Spaceport Launch Pad 0. Последняя была похожа на Delta II из США, которая стартовала на мысе Канаверал ВВС.
Стартовой площадкой ракеты Antares стал среднеатлантический региональный Spaceport Launch Pad 0, связанный с ракетой Minotaur IV. Ракета Antares сопоставима с Delta II, которая возникла из США, и была запущена на базе ВВС Ванденберг.
"Роза Луна" была построена на Нептун-Верфте, расположенном в Росток, Германия. Германия (чья столица - Берлин) возглавляет Йоахим Гаук.
Строитель "А-Роза" - "Нептун Верфт", из Росток, Германия. Лидером Германии является Станислав Тиллич, а народ называют немцами.
Delta II родом из США и сопоставима с ракетой Antares, которая была запущена на среднеатлантическом региональном Spaceport Launch Pad 0. Среднеатлантический региональный Spaceport Launch Pad 0 ассоциируется с Rocket Minotaur V.
ALV X-1 приехал из США, чьи люди - американские и чья столица находится в Вашингтоне, округ Колумбия. Белые американцы являются частью этнической группы в США, а их национальный гимн известен как The Star Spangled Banner.
В муниципалитете Геттисбург, графство Адамс, штат Пенсильвания, находится 11-й Миссисипи. Adams County находится к востоку от округа Франклин и к югу от округа Кумберленд. Carroll 's Carroll находится на юго-востоке.
Столицей Азербайджана является Баку, а лидером и премьер-министром Азербайджана назван Артур Расизаде. "Мемориал" Баку "" Мемориал "расположен в Азербайджане, а законодательный орган известен как Национальное собрание.
Мемориал "Мемориал Баку" в Азербайджане посвящен османским армейским солдатам, погибшим в битве в Баку и спроектированным Гусейном Бутунером и Хилми Гунером. Памятник также известен родным именем Türk Shehitleri Anítı. Лидером Азербайджана является Артур Расизаде.
Huseyin Butuner и Hilmi Guner спроектировали красно-гранитный и белый мраморный Баку турецкий мученик-мемориал в Азербайджане. Он также известен как Turk Sehitleri Aniti и посвящен солдатам Османской армии, погибшим в битве за Баку.
Мемориальный "Мемориал" Баку, разработанный Гусейном Бутунером и Хилми Гунером и изготовленный из гранита и белого мрамора, посвящен османским армейским солдатам, погибшим в битве в Баку. Мемориал найден в Азербайджане, лидером которого является премьер-министр.
Местом рождения Абдула Таида Махмуда было Королевство Саравак, а его резиденция - Демак Джая, Джалан Бако, Кушик, Саравак. Он был членом партии "Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu".
Абдулсалами Абубакар служил в нигерийской армии и находился в должности в то время, когда Майк Акхигбе (преемник Оладипо Дия) был вице-президентом. Его карьера завершилась 29 мая 1999 года, и его сменил Олусегун Обасанджо.
Авраам А Рибикофф был гражданином США, родившимся в Коннектикуте и умирающим в Нью-Йорке. Он был членом Демократической партии США и работал в качестве министра здравоохранения, образования и социального обеспечения Соединенных Штатов.
Американец Авраам А. Рибикофф умер в США и был женат на Кейси Рибикофф, которая родилась в Чикаго. Родные американцы - одна из нескольких этнических групп в США
Адам Холлоуэй родился в Кенте и присутствовал в колледже Магдалины в Кембридже. Он начал свою карьеру 5 мая 2005 года и служил в Grenadier Guards и стал членом парламента за Гравешам.
Агнес Кант - гражданин Нидерландов, который возглавляет Марк Рютте. Она работала в палате представителей и является членом Партии социалистов под руководством Эмиля Роймера.
Агнес Кант, из Нидерландов, где лидер - Марк Рютте, работал лидером парламентской группы. Она является членом Нидерландской социалистической партии, лидером которой является Эмиль Роймер.
Агнес Кант - гражданин Нидерландов, который возглавляет Марк Рютте. Она является членом Социалистической партии, которая использует цвет красного цвета и возглавляет Эмиль Роймер.
Альберт Б. Белый был женат на Агнес Уорд Уайт, который родился в Мариетта, штат Огайо. До того, как он умер в Паркерсбурге, в Западной Вирджинии его сменил Уильям М О Доусон, место рождения которого - Bloomington Martin.
Alberto Teisaire был из Аргентины, где говорит испанский. Он умер в Буэнос-Айресе, где лидером является Габриэла Михетти, а руководящий орган - Законодательное собрание Буэнос-Айреса.
Руководящим органом в Буэнос-Айресе является парламент Буэнос-Айреса, а город возглавляет Орасио Родригес Ларрета. Это место смерти Альберто Тейшера, который был родом из Аргентины, где говорился язык - испанский.
Alberto Teisaire, родившаяся 20 мая 1891 года в Мендосе, Аргентина была "Реар адмиралом" в аргентинском Военно-морском флоте. Он работал временным президентом аргентинского сената и его сменил Исаак Рохас.
Brulington - крупнейший город в Вермонте, где находится Алва Сабин. Он начал активную службу в 1853-03-04 годах и представлял 3-й конгресс штата Вермонт. Алва Сабина умерла в Сычешире, штат Иллинойс.
Алва Сабин, которая родилась в Грузии, Вермонт, работала секретарем штата и представляла собой 3-й конгресс штата Вермонт. Крупнейший город Вермонт - Burlington.
Альве Сабин представлял Вермонт и входил в партию "Уайт" в США. Крупнейший город в Вермонте - Burlington. В Sycamore скончался Альве Сабин, штат Иллинойс и Генри Клэй - лидер партии Whig.
"Бурлингтон" - крупнейший город в штате Вермонт, который представляет государство Alvah Sabin. Алва Сабин (умерла в Сыкашире, штат Иллинойс) была членом партии США Whig, которую возглавлял Даниил Вебстер.
Адонис Георгиадис, которого сменил Макис Воридис, был в должности, пока Антонис Самарас был премьер-министром. Афины родили Самару, у которой был заместитель Евангелос Венизелос, в то время как Константинос Митсотакис был премьер-министром.
"Альфонс Горбаш" родился в городе Имст в Австрии и умер в городе Грац. Австрийский немецкий язык - это язык Австрии, а лидером там является Дорис Бурес.
AB Klink - гражданин Нидерландов, где валютой является евро, а Марк Рютте - лидер, Аб Клинк родился в Стеллендаме и принадлежит партии Христианско-демократической партии.
Гордон Марсден - лидер "Блэкпула", где находится AFC Blackpool. Их руководитель - Стюарт Паркер, который является членом Chesterfield FC и играет за KV Mechelen.
"ОЛИММУКОС F.C." были мимо чемпионов в Греции Суперлиги, в лиге АЕК Афины FC соревнуются. Их менеджером является Gus Poyet, чей клуб - "Реал Зарагоза", хотя и играл за "Челси" F.C.
Estádio Multicary Coaracy da Mata Fonseca - это название земли Agrimiação Sportiva Araprivisse. Она расположена в Алагосе. Agrimiação Sportiva Araprivinesse играет в Кампеонато Брасилейро Série C лиги из Бразилии. Vila Nova Futebol Clube были чемпионами в Série C.
Vila Nova Futebol Clube были чемпионами Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. Лига в Бразилии. "Argimiação Sportiva Arapariquise" также играет в лиге и имеет свой дом в Estádio Ministry Coaracy da Mata Fonseca в Арапираце.
Vila Nova Futebol Clube были чемпионами Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. в Бразилии. Agrimiação Sportiva Araprivinuse, который также играет в лиге, насчитывает 17000 членов и управляется вице-вицей.
Accademia di Projecttura di Mendrisio в Mendrisio, в Швейцарии было 100 научных сотрудников и 600 студентов. Ее декан - Марио Ботта.
Accademia di Projecttura di Mendrisio находится в Тичино, Швейцария. Она была создана в 1996 году и насчитывает 600 студентов. Лидером Швейцарии является Йоханн Шнайдер-Амман.
Acharya International of Technologies связана с Технологическим университетом Visvesvaraya и находится в Бангалоре, Карнатака. На северо-востоке - Телангана и к его западу - Аравийское море.
Acharya International of Technology находится в городе Солдеванахалли, Ачарья д-р Сарвапалли Радхакришнан Дорога, Хессаргетта Главная дорога, Бангалор -- 560090, Индия. Школа была создана в 2000 году и имеет 700 аспирантов.
Acharya Institute of Technology основана Kempe Gowda I в Бангалоре в штате Карнатака. Он имеет Аравийское море на запад и связан с Технологическим университетом Висвесварайя.
1 decembrie 1918 University University is in Alba Iulia, Румыния. Столицей страны является Бухарест, а премьер-министром - Клаус Иоханнис.
Школа деловых и социальных наук в Орхусском университете в Дании связана с Ассоциацией Европейского университета. Она насчитывает 16 000 студентов, 737 сотрудников и была создана в 1928 году.
Faber и Faber - издатели The Secret Scripture, сиквел A Long Long Way. Эта книга родом из Ирландии, которая расположена в Европе и где есть этническая группа белых людей.
Этническая группа Ирландии - это белые люди, и там, откуда родом A Long Long Way. Ей предшествовал Анни Данн, а вслед за ним - "Секретное Писание", которое публикует Faber и Faber.
Над "Велом" - австралийский роман и сиквел "Аенир и замок". Позже последовали Into Battle и The Violet Keystone.
Cornell University is in Ithaca, New York и по прозвищу Cornell Big Red. Они являются издателем Executive Science Quarting и аффилированы с Ассоциацией американских университетов.
"Административный научный квартал" публикует Корнельский университет, Итука, штат Нью-Йорк. Корнельский университет (по прозвищу "Cornell Big Red") аффилирован с Ассоциацией государственных и земельных грантов.
Соединенные Штаты - родина этнической группы афроамериканцев и возглавляется Бараком Обамой. Страна - это происхождение книги Alcatraz Versus the Evil Libraries. Эта книга была написана на английском языке, как говорят в Великобритании.
"Северед Васп" - из США, которая, как и Великобритания, говорит по-английски. Столица США - Вашингтон D.C и одна этническая группа - афроамериканцы.
На английском языке говорят в Великобритании и США, где Джо Байден является лидером, афроамериканцы - это этническая группа, а Alcatraz Versus.
Дэвид Кэмерон и Елизавета II - лидеры в Великобритании. Страна, использующая английский язык, имеет столицу Лондона, где находится журнал "СПИД".
Лидерами Соединенного Королевства являются Елизавета II и Дэвид Кэмерон. Журнал "СПИД" опубликован в Соединенном Королевстве Lippincott, Williams & Wilkins, чья материнская компания - Wolters Kluwer.
На английском языке говорят в Великобритании, а "Северед Васп" был написан в нем, даже несмотря на то, что он родом из США. Барак Обама - лидер США, где коренные американцы - этническая группа.
"Северед Васп" - из США, где Барак Обама - президент. Английский язык - главный язык США, и об этом также говорят в Великобритании. Коренные американцы - одна из национальных этнических групп.
Американец Алан Беан был членом НАСА "Аполлон-12", которым командовал Дэвид Скотт. "Фасоль", которая родилась в Уилл, штат Техас, в настоящее время находится в отставке.
Американец Алан Шепард родился 18 ноября 1923 года в Нью-Гэмпшире. В 1957 году он получил степень магистра по специальности «М.А.», а в 1959 году был нанят НАСА. Шепард умер в Калифорнии.
Алан Шепард родился 18 ноября 1923 года в Нью-Гэмпшире. Он окончил НВК с М.А. в 1957 году и был выбран НАСА в 1959 году. Его место смерти заняла Калифорния.
Алан Шепард родился 18 ноября 1923 года в Нью-Гэмпшире. Он служил членом экипажа на миссии НАСА "Аполлон-14" перед тем, как уйти в отставку 1 августа 1974 года. Шепард скончался в Калифорнии.
Алан Шепард родился в Нью-Гэмпшире. Его выиграла американская служба обороны "Риббон". Военно-морской флот Соединенных Штатов также наградил его наградной медалью "Медаль", которая выше, чем медаль Департамента торговли. Он умер 21 июля 1998 года.
Buzz Aldrin был пилотом истребителя, который родился в городе Глен-Ридж, штат Нью-Джерси, 20 января 1930 года. Его настоящее имя Edwin E. Aldrin Jr и после окончания MIT с доктором наук в 1963 году, он стал членом "Аполло-11".
Buzz Aldrin родился в городе Глен-Ридж Нью-Джерси в 1930 году. Он окончил MIT в 1963 году и был нанят НАСА в том же году. Он был членом экипажа "Аполлон-11" и сейчас в отставке.
Buzz Aldrin окончил Массачусетский технологический институт с Sc.D в 1963 году и стал пилотом истребителя. Он был выбран для работы в NASA в 1963 году и был выбран в качестве члена экипажа (выполнявшего функции резервного пилота) миссии НАСА "Аполло-11".
Эллиот Престол родился в Далласе как гражданин США и окончил Университет Техаса в Остине. Эллиот Престол умер 28 февраля 1966 года в Сент-Луисе.
Эллиот Престол родился 07 / 23 / 1927 в Далласе и умер в Сент-Луисе. Он посещал Университет Техаса в Остине, который входит в состав университета Техасской системы.
Уильям Андерс родился 17 октября 1933 года в британском Гонконге. Он окончил AFIT в 1962 году с М.С., а дальше будет выступать в качестве пилота истребителя, а в качестве члена экипажа на "Аполло-8". Андерс вышел в отставку 1 сентября 1969 года.
Анкара - турецкая столица, а имя лидера страны - Ахмет Давутоглу. Памятник Ататюрку (Измир) можно найти в Турции. Pietro Canonica спроектировал памятник, и он изготовлен из бронзы. Памятник Ататюрку был открыт 27 июля 1932 года.
"Мемориал Баку" был разработан Гусейном Бутунером и Хилми Гунером и расположен в Азербайджане. Она посвящена оскаровским солдатам-солдатам, погибшим в битве за Баку. Лидер, премьер-министр Азербайджана Артур Расизаде.
14-й "Нью-Джерси" "Инфанте" расположен на Монокском национальном Battlefield недалеко от Фредерика, штат Мэриленд. Монумент был установлен 1907-07-й и относится к категории исторических районов в США. Монумент был предоставлен службой национального парка.
14-й "Нью-Джерси" (New Jersey Monument Monument) находится в национальном парке "Monocacy National Battlefield" в графстве Фредерик, штат Мэриленд, Соединенные Штаты. Памятник был установлен 11 июля 1907 года. В настоящее время он классифицируется как исторический район Соединенных Штатов и находится в собственности Службы национального парка.
Accademia di Projecttura di Mendrisio, расположенная в Тичино, Швейцария, была создана в 1996 году. В него входят 600 студентов. Лидером Швейцарии является федеральный канцлер Йоханн Шнайдер-Амманн.
Acharya Institute of Technology находится в Бангалоре, Индия в штате Карнатака. Школа была создана в 2000 году, а ее директором является д-р Г.П. Прабхукумар. Полный адрес школы - "Солдеванахалли", Ачарья д-р Сарвапалли Радхакришнан Дорога, Hessarghatta Main Road, Бангалор - 560090.
Acharya Institute of Technology в Бангалоре, Индия, была создана в 2000 году. Она связана с Технологическим университетом "Висвесварайя". Ее президентом является Б.М. Редди и его директор - д-р Г.П. Прабхукумар.
Acharya Institute of Technology в Мумбаи, Карнатака получил статус "Технологического лагеря" Всеиндийским советом по техническому образованию (расположен в Мумбаи). Институт "Ачарья" предлагает теннис и спортивный руководящий орган - Международный фонд тенниса. Карнатака имеет Аравийское море на запад.
Acharya International of Technology входит в состав Технологического университета "Visvesvaraya" в Бельгии. Институт получил статус "Технический кампус" со стороны Всеиндийского совета по техническому образованию в Мумбаи. Институт предлагает теннис, который управляется Международной федерацией тенниса.
Бухарест - столица Румынии, где одна из этнических групп страны - немцы Румынии. Лидером страны является премьер-министр Клаус Иоханнис. Покровителем страны является Андрей апостол и страна - это расположение 1-го десантного университета 1918 года.
Школа бизнеса и социальных наук в Орхусском университете расположена в Орхусе, Дания была создана в 1928 году. Ее научные сотрудники составляют 737 человек, и она связана с Ассоциацией Европейского университета. Лидером Дании является Ларс Локк Расмуссен.
В 1928 году была создана Школа деловых и социальных наук в Орхусском университете в Орхусе, Дания. В его состав входят 737 научных сотрудников и 16 000 учащихся. Она входит в ассоциацию Европейского университета.
Алан Беан родился 15 марта 1932 года в Уилл, штат Техас и является американцем. Он работал тестовым пилотом и являлся членом компании "Аполлон-12", которой руководил NASA. "Бобовые" ушли в отставку.
Alan Bean родился в Wheeler, Texas и присутствовал в UT Austin, где окончил в 1955 году с BS. До выхода на пенсию он служил опытным пилотом и был выбран НАСА для работы в качестве члена экипажа на "Аполло-12" вместе с командиром Дэвидом Скоттом.
Алан Шепард родился 18 ноября 1923 года в Нью-Гэмпшире, США. Окончил НЖД в 1957 году с М.А. В 1959 году начал работать в НАСА и был членом "Аполло-14". Он умер в Калифорнии.
Алан Шепард родился 18 ноября 1923 года в Нью-Гэмпшире, США. Окончил НЖД в 1957 году с М.А. Он работал тестовым пилотом перед проездом в Калифорнии.
Алан Шепард родился 18 ноября 1923 года в городе Мурио в Калифорнии. Он был опытным пилотом "За заслуги" с медалью "Морское побережье Соединенных Штатов", медаль ВМС США выше, чем медаль Министерства торговли США.
Отставной американский истребитель Buzz Aldrin, также известный как Эдвин Э. Альдрин-младший, родился в городе Глен-Ридж, штат Нью-Джерси. Окончил Массачусетский технологический институт в 1963 году с доктором наук и был членом экипажа на "Аполло-11".
Buzz Aldrin родился в городе Глен-Ридж, округ Эссекс, штат Нью-Джерси. Он является гражданином США, который был членом экипажа NASA, выполнявшего программу "Аполлон-11". Уильям Андерс был резервным пилотом на миссии "Аполлон-11". Лидером США был Джо Байден.
Buzz Aldrin родился 20 января 1930 года в городе Глен-Ридж, штат Нью-Джерси. Окончил MIT с Sc. D в 1963 году. Он начал работать в NASA в 1963 году, был членом "Аполлона-11", который был запущен НАСА. Сейчас он в отставке.
Buzz Aldrin родился в Глен-Ридж, штат Нью-Джерси и окончил Массачусетский технологический институт в 1963 году с докторской диссертацией в области науки. Он был членом экипажа "Аполло-11" после того, как был выбран НАСА в 1963 году вместе с Уильямом Андерсом в качестве резервного пилота на "Аполло-11".
Эллиот Прей родился 23 июля 1927 года в Далласе. Окончил У Техас в Остине, который входит в состав У Техасской системы. Он работал тестовым пилотом до того, как умер в Сент-Луисе.
Эллиот Престол родился в Далласе 23 июля в 1927 году до посещения Университета Техаса в Остине. Эллиот был тестовым пилотом перед проездом в Сент-Луисе в 1966 году.
Уильям Андерс (родился 17 октября 1933 года в британском Гонконге) окончил AFIT, М.С. в 1962 году. Он был гражданином США и служил пилотом Fighter, прежде чем он вышел в отставку 1 сентября 1969 года.
Муниципалитет Геттисбурга расположен в графстве Адамс, штат Пенсильвания, который расположен к югу от округа Кумберленд и к северо-западу от округа Карролл, штат Мэриленд. Это место расположения 11-го Миссисипи Инфанского памятника, который был создан в 2000 году и классифицирован как залог имущества в Соединенных Штатах.
Анкара - столица Турции, где валюта - турецкая лира, а лидер - Ахмет Давутоглу. "Измир" находится в стране и является местом проведения бронзового памятника "Ататюрк", который был открыт в Измире 27 июля 1932 года и был спроектирован Pietro Canonica.
Национальное собрание является официальным законодательным органом Азербайджана, который возглавляет премьер-министр. Столица - Баку, где расположен мемориал, спроектированный в красном гранитном и белом мраморе Гусейном Бутунером и Хилми Гунером. Мемориал посвящен солдатам Османской армии, погибшим в битве в Баку.
Центр Технологического института Ачарья расположен в Солдеванахалли, Ачарья д-р Сарвапалли Радхакришнан Дорога, Хессаргетта Основная дорога, Бангалор, Карнатака, Индия -- 560090. Институт (президент B M Reddy) был создан в 2000 году и связан с Технологическим университетом "Visvesvaraya".
В Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Девиз Института, который был создан в 2000 году, - "Налаживание передового опыта", и в нем обучается 700 аспирантов.
Acharya International of Technology в Бангалоре, Индия, была создана в 2000 году и связана с Технологическим университетом Visvesvaraya. Президентом школы является Б. М. Редди и его директор - доктор Г.П. Прабхукумар. Полный адрес школы - In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Бангалор - 560090.
Acharya Institute of Technology (President B M Reddy) находится в Солдеванахалли, Ачарья д-р Сарвапалли Радхакришнан. Институт был создан в 2000 году, имеет 700 аспирантов и аффилирован с Технологическим университетом «Бельгаум».
AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, India находится в штате Керала, который находится на северо-западе страны. В школе работают 250 сотрудников. Индия является родиной реки Ганг, а ее крупнейшим городом является Мумбаи.
1 decembrie 1918 University находится в городе Альба-Юлия, Румыния. Столица страны - Бухарест и лидер (титул премьер-министра Румынии) - Клаус Иоханнис. Этническая группа страны - немцы Румынии и национальный гимн страны - Deporateapté-te, române!
В 2000 году в штате Карнатака, Индия, был создан Ачарский технологический институт. Нынешнее расположение - "В Солдеванахалли, Ачарья д-р Сарвапалли Радхакришнан Дорога, Хессаргетта Главная дорога, Бангалор - 560090". Режиссер - доктор Г П Прабхукумар, он связан с Технологическим университетом "Visvesvaraya" в городе Бельгаум.

